simplistic , silly and tedious . 
it's so laddish and juvenile , only teenage boys could possibly find it funny . 
exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable . 
a visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification . 
the story is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than i'd care to count . 
about the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience's meat grinder one more time . 
not so much farcical as sour . 
while the performances are often engaging , this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour tv documentary . 
interesting , but not compelling . 
while the ensemble player who gained notice in guy ritchie's lock , stock and two smoking barrels and snatch has the bod , he's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle . 
nothing here seems as funny as it did in analyze this , not even joe viterelli as de niro's right-hand goombah . 
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us " the skulls " and last year's " rollerball . " enough said , except : film overboard ! 
here , common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit sascha . 
this 100-minute movie only has about 25 minutes of decent material . 
the execution is so pedestrian that the most positive comment we can make is that rob schneider actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl . 
it shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there's a little girl-on-girl action . 
as exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a coma . 
the party scenes deliver some tawdry kicks . the rest of the film . . . is dudsville . 
the movie's something-borrowed construction feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story . killing time , that's all that's going on here . 
somewhere in the middle , the film compels , as demme experiments he harvests a few movie moment gems , but the field of roughage dominates . 
the action clichés just pile up . 
payami tries to raise some serious issues about iran's electoral process , but the result is a film that's about as subtle as a party political broadcast . 
the only surprise is that heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis agreed to produce this ; i assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies' underwear . 
please , someone , stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film . 
curling may be a unique sport but men with brooms is distinctly ordinary . 
the effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it's hardly watchable . 
analyze that regurgitates and waters down many of the previous film's successes , with a few new swings thrown in . 
with flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity , undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout . . . by which time it's impossible to care who wins . 
to the civilized mind , a movie like ballistic : ecks vs . sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement . 
everything is off . 
an easy watch , except for the annoying demeanour of its lead character . 
imagine the cleanflicks version of 'love story , ' with ali macgraw's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes . 
an odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy . 
though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled , others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere . 
pascale bailly's rom-com provides amélie's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i . e . , a banal spiritual quest . 
a static and sugary little half-hour , after-school special about interfaith understanding , stretched out to 90 minutes . 
watching the chemistry between freeman and judd , however , almost makes this movie worth seeing . almost . 
the characters are never more than sketches . . . which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach . 
mattei's underdeveloped effort here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination . 
only in its final surprising shots does rabbit-proof fence find the authority it's looking for . 
isn't as sharp as the original . . . despite some visual virtues , 'blade ii' just doesn't cut it . 
 . . . plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director can't seem to get a coherent rhythm going . in fact , it doesn't even seem like she tried . 
what you expect is just what you get . . . assuming the bar of expectations hasn't been raised above sixth-grade height . 
barry sonnenfeld owes frank the pug big time
so riddled with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it plod along . 
i approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise . 
earnest but heavy-handed . 
too slow for a younger crowd , too shallow for an older one . 
there's a reason the studio didn't offer an advance screening . " the adventures of pluto nash " is a big time stinker . 
the things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just won't fly with most intelligent viewers . 
sitting through the last reel ( spoiler alert ! ) is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his halloween trip to the haunted house . 
confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve . 
with this new rollerball , sense and sensibility have been overrun by what can only be characterized as robotic sentiment . 
one can only assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002's sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
a movie more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms . 
the script covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that doesn't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people . 
a portrait of alienation so perfect , it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers . 
the code talkers deserved better than a hollow tribute . 
skip the film and buy the philip glass soundtrack cd . 
feels like a cold old man going through the motions . 
dignified ceo's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree . can you bear the laughter ? 
beware the quirky brit-com . they can and will turn on a dime from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental . 
has its moments -- and almost as many subplots . 
the gags , and the script , are a mixed bag . 
there's no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt's plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance . 
directors john musker and ron clements , the team behind the little mermaid , have produced sparkling retina candy , but they aren't able to muster a lot of emotional resonance in the cold vacuum of space . 
adam sandler's heart may be in the right place , but he needs to pull his head out of his butt
there's no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for egoyan , but it's also one that , next to his best work , feels clumsy and convoluted . 
i'm not saying that ice age doesn't have some fairly pretty pictures , but there's not enough substance in the story to actually give them life . 
some episodes work , some don't . 
j . lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear : she's a pretty woman , but she's no working girl . 
wow . i have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time . 
it's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget . 
will probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 . 
the problem is not that it's all derivative , because plenty of funny movies recycle old tropes . the problem is that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material . 
none of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think . 
a processed comedy chop suey . 
as spent screen series go , star trek : nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up -- and there's nothing to drink . 
the movie , like bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes . 
if you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash . 
the director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of new age-inspired good intentions , but the spell they cast isn't the least bit mesmerizing . 
everything is pegged into the groove of a new york dating comedy with 'issues' to simplify . 
a dramatic comedy as pleasantly dishonest and pat as any hollywood fluff . 
the cameo-packed , m : i-2-spoofing title sequence is the funniest 5 minutes to date in this spy comedy franchise . . . then mike myers shows up and ruins everything . 
it comes off as so silly that you wouldn't be surprised if ba , murdock and rest of the a-team were seen giving chase in a black and red van . 
the 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about . 
so genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen . it never is , not fully . 
even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities . 
what with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity , the worries of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film becomes a sermon for most of its running time . 
as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film's creepy , clean-cut dahmer ( jeremy renner ) and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge . 
plodding , peevish and gimmicky . 
the four feathers is definitely horse feathers , but if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox . 
oozes condescension from every pore . 
solaris " is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work . 
though this saga would be terrific to read about , it is dicey screen material that only a genius should touch . 
it has plenty of laughs . it just doesn't have much else . . . especially in a moral sense . 
occasionally loud and offensive , but more often , it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma . 
it may play well as a double feature with mainstream foreign mush like my big fat greek wedding
by the time you reach the finale , you're likely wondering why you've been watching all this strutting and posturing . 
 at its best , it's black hawk down with more heart . at its worst , it's rambo- meets-john ford . 
exactly what you'd expect from a guy named kaos . 
calculated swill . 
director oliver parker labors so hard to whip life into the importance of being earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two . 
walsh can't quite negotiate the many inconsistencies in janice's behavior or compensate for them by sheer force of charm . 
it leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject . 
one of the oddest and most inexplicable sequels in movie history . 
there's nothing to gain from watching they . it isn't scary . it hates its characters . it finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers . 
though the film is well-intentioned , one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable . 
just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience . 
a cleverly crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary . 
it gets bogged down by hit-and-miss topical humour before getting to the truly good stuff . 
an achingly enthralling premise , the film is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses . 
it's tommy's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you'll feel like mopping up , too . 
fluffy and disposible . 
holds limited appeal to those who like explosions , sadism and seeing people beat each other to a pulp . 
the dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed . 
a feature-length , r-rated , road-trip version of mama's family . 
what you end up getting is the vertical limit of surfing movies - memorable stunts with lots of downtime in between . 
there's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there's nothing else happening . 
imagine kevin smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor . the result might look like vulgar . 
the film favors the scientific over the spectacular ( visually speaking ) . 
the whole affair is as predictable as can be . 
a not-so-divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood with a hefty helping of re-fried green tomatoes . 
star trek was kind of terrific once , but now it is a copy of a copy of a copy . 
[n]o matter how much good will the actors generate , showtime eventually folds under its own thinness . 
every potential twist is telegraphed well in advance , every performance respectably muted ; the movie itself seems to have been made under the influence of rohypnol . 
puts on airs of a hal hartley wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself . 
despite a performance of sustained intelligence from stanford and another of subtle humour from bebe neuwirth , as an older woman who seduces oscar , the film founders on its lack of empathy for the social milieu - rich new york intelligentsia - and its off
gaghan . . . has thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story . 
a sham construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis . 
[p]artnering murphy with robert de niro for the tv-cops comedy showtime would seem to be surefire casting . the catch is that they're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders . 
'you'll laugh for not quite and hour and a half , but come out feeling strangely unsatisfied . you'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter . . . '
parker should be commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material , but his determination to remain true to the original text leads him to adopt a somewhat mannered tone . . . that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story's core . 
the director has injected self-consciousness into the proceedings at every turn . the results are far more alienating than involving . 
bogdanich is unashamedly pro-serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side . 
a lack of thesis makes maryam , in the end , play out with the intellectual and emotional impact of an after-school special . 
by-the-numbers yarn . 
bisset delivers a game performance , but she is unable to save the movie . 
watching austin powers in goldmember is like binging on cotton candy . it's sweet and fluffy at the time , but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied . 
the most anti-human big studio picture since 3000 miles to graceland . 
i'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept , but anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap cliché . 
the acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line . 
the plot plummets into a comedy graveyard before janice comes racing to the rescue in the final reel . 
sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely . 
at 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer . 
here's my advice , kev . start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line . 
it wraps up a classic mother/daughter struggle in recycled paper with a shiny new bow and while the audience can tell it's not all new , at least it looks pretty . 
glazed with a tawdry b-movie scum . 
this is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness . 
it winds up moving in many directions as it searches ( vainly , i think ) for something fresh to say . 
all in all , road to perdition is more in love with strangeness than excellence . 
a mimetic approximation of better films like contempt and 8 1/2 . 
watching the powerpuff girls movie , my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures . 
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength . 
mild , meandering teen flick . 
though its atmosphere is intriguing . . . the drama is finally too predictable to leave much of an impression . 
although it tries to be much more , it's really just another major league . 
astonishing isn't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap . indeed , none of these words really gets at the very special type of badness that is deuces wild . 
one thing is for sure : this movie does not tell you a whole lot about lily chou-chou . 
to better understand why this didn't connect with me would require another viewing , and i won't be sitting through this one again . . . that in itself is commentary enough . 
cuba gooding jr . valiantly mugs his way through snow dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy . 
diane lane's sophisticated performance can't rescue adrian lyne's unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing . 
storytelling feels slight . 
silly , loud and goofy . 
why spend $9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ? 
the basic premise is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy . 
it's like an all-star salute to disney's cheesy commercialism . 
some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but overall the film never rises above mediocrity . 
there's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 . 
die another day is only intermittently entertaining but it's hard not to be a sucker for its charms , or perhaps it's just impossible not to feel nostalgia for movies you grew up with . 
as is often the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers , mr . murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold . 
the mystery of enigma is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent . . . could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture . 
it throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , " look at this ! this is an interesting movie ! " but the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging . 
the inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror/action hybrid . 
avary's film never quite emerges from the shadow of ellis' book . 
it's sincere to a fault , but , unfortunately , not very compelling or much fun . 
this follow-up seems so similar to the 1953 disney classic that it makes one long for a geriatric peter . 
why , you may ask , why should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free ? there's no good answer to that one . 
this slow-moving swedish film offers not even a hint of joy , preferring to focus on the humiliation of martin as he defecates in bed and urinates on the plants at his own birthday party . 
a muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that doesn't make much sense even on its own terms . 
this is amusing for about three minutes . 
klein , charming in comedies like american pie and dead-on in election , delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed . 
it's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from " promising " to " interesting " to " familiar " before landing squarely on " stupid " . 
it won't harm anyone , but neither can i think of a very good reason to rush right out and see it . after all , it'll probably be in video stores by christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies . 
looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights . 
given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece , the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors' workshop that it is . 
they kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who haven't read the book . 
it's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here , but it's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through . 
this dreadfully earnest inversion of the concubine love triangle eschews the previous film's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension . 
brown's saga , like many before his , makes for snappy prose but a stumblebum of a movie . 
the boys' sparring , like the succession of blows dumped on guei , wears down the story's more cerebral , and likable , plot elements . 
the script by vincent r . nebrida . . . tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot . 
the story is so light and sugary that were it a macy's thanksgiving day parade balloon , extra heavy-duty ropes would be needed to keep it from floating away . 
oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between . 
since dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer , it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche . 
cold and scattered , minority report commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals . that's not vintage spielberg and that , finally , is minimally satisfying . 
it's not difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller . 
the trappings of i spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun . 
what starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase film . 
really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length . 
hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script . . . that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire . 
cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail's pace . 
and if you appreciate the one-sided theme to lawrence's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest . if you are willing to do this , then you so crazy ! 
it's a very tasteful rock and roll movie . you could put it on a coffee table anywhere . 
the movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality . 
the entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory . 
the setting turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions . 
as an entertainment destination for the general public , kung pow sets a new benchmark for lameness . 
as pure over-the-top trash , any john waters movie has it beat by a country mile . 
bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable . but for the most part , the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness . 
less-than-compelling documentary of a yiddish theater clan . 
that the chuck norris " grenade gag " occurs about 7 times during windtalkers is a good indication of how serious-minded the film is . 
it's not exactly worth the bucks to expend the full price for a date , but when it comes out on video , it's well worth a rental . 
i can't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents . . . 
everybody loves a david and goliath story , and this one is told almost entirely from david's point of view . 
throw smoochy from the train ! 
eventually , they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you don't care who fires the winning shot . 
irwin and his director never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free . 
a light , engaging comedy that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation . 
cedar somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle . 
to paraphrase a line from another dickens' novel , nicholas nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato . 
the actresses may have worked up a back story for the women they portray so convincingly , but viewers don't get enough of that background for the characters to be involving as individuals rather than types . 
the result , however well-intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today's hollywood . 
a sincere but dramatically conflicted gay coming-of-age tale . 
wait for it to hit cable . 
ultimately feels like just one more in the long line of films this year about the business of making movies . 
a high-minded snoozer . 
77 minutes of pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seems like it does . my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it . 
a movie you observe , rather than one you enter into . 
[at least] moore is a real charmer . 
john carlen's script is full of unhappy , two-dimensional characters who are anything but compelling . 
labute can't avoid a fatal mistake in the modern era : he's changed the male academic from a lower-class brit to an american , a choice that upsets the novel's exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film . 
the notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced prozac nation , is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus . 
stale first act , scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish , dumb fart jokes . 
unsurprisingly , the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes . 
the big-screen scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison . 
few of the increasingly far-fetched events that first-time writer-director neil burger follows up with are terribly convincing , which is a pity , considering barry's terrific performance . 
gets better after foster leaves that little room . 
the movie is as padded as allen's jelly belly . 
a rather average action film that benefits from several funny moments supplied by epps . 
 . . . unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted . 
resembles a soft porn brian de palma pastiche . 
innocuous enough to make even jean-claude van damme look good . 
it's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that . 
execrable . 
devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special . 
all movie long , city by the sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast . 
however sincere it may be , the rising place never quite justifies its own existence . 
parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place . 
it's sort of a 21st century morality play with a latino hip hop beat . but the second half of the movie really goes downhill . 
paxton's uneven directorial debut fails to unlock the full potential of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre . 
the script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair . 
the script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy . 
the film starts promisingly , but the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work . 
let's issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate . 
it's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful . 
alternately frustrating and rewarding . 
it's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure . 
despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure , the man who wrote rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this . 
swinging , the film makes it seem , is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit . or intelligent . 
there are enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit . 
yes , i have given this movie a rating of zero . but fans of the show should not consider this a diss . consider it 'perfection . '
children and adults enamored of all things pokemon won't be disappointed . 
children of the century , though well dressed and well made , ultimately falls prey to the contradiction that afflicts so many movies about writers . 
it's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil' bow wow . 
peralta's mythmaking could have used some informed , adult hindsight . 
amazingly dopey . 
a close-to-solid espionage thriller with the misfortune of being released a few decades too late . 
the good girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming . 
just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole . 
only about as sexy and dangerous as an actress in a role that reminds at every turn of elizabeth berkley's flopping dolphin-gasm . 
kids who are into this thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heaven . anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning . 
do you say " hi " to your lover when you wake up in the morning ? 
director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon , but showtime's uninspired send-up of tv cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks . 
banal and predictable . 
a wildly erratic drama with sequences that make you wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching . 
about as enjoyable , i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces . . . positively dreadful . 
 . . . while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare's macbeth doesn't sustain a high enough level of invention . 
crikey indeed . 
lucas has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s . 
absurdities and clichés accumulate like lint in a fat man's navel . 
the sheer dumbness of the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie's inescapable air of sleaziness get you down . 
the next big thing's not-so-big ( and not-so-hot ) directorial debut . 
yet another iteration of what's become one of the movies' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally " superior " friends , family . . . 
bond-inspired ? certainly . likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise ? let's hope not . 
this flat run at a hip-hop tootsie is so poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines . 
davis has energy , but she doesn't bother to make her heroine's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly . 
surprisingly , considering that baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy . 
none of this is very original , and it isn't particularly funny . 
 . . . a bland murder-on-campus yawner . 
these two are generating about as much chemistry as an iraqi factory poised to receive a un inspector . 
responsável direto pelo fracasso 'artístico' de doce lar , o roteirista c . jay cox não consegue sequer aproveitar os pouquíssimos momentos em que escapa da mediocridade . 
a passable romantic comedy , in need of another couple of passes through the word processor . 
the movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches isn't exactly endearing . 
shows holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that's scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives . 
in the book-on-tape market , the film of " the kid stays in the picture " would be an abridged edition
ultimately . . . the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults . 
it's just a little too self-satisfied . 
mckay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device he has put in service . 
a piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable . 
the movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne . 
brisk hack job . 
what little grace [rifkin's] tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics . 
a mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic jackie chan to even younger audiences . 
one of the most incoherent features in recent memory . 
the issues are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it's impossible to care . 
laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany . 
the respective charms of sandra bullock and hugh grant have worn threadbare . 
none of this so-called satire has any sting to it , as if woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him . 
 . . . bibbidy-bobbidi-bland . 
a few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed , but skeptics aren't likely to enter the theater . 
there's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie . 
although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original , the first film's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks . 
what we get . . . is caddyshack crossed with the loyal order of raccoons . 
 . . . hokey art house pretension . 
gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it's not clear whether we're supposed to shriek or laugh . 
this is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life . 
a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows falls flat , and if you're going to alter the bard's ending , you'd better have a good alternative . 
soderbergh seems capable only of delivering artfully lighted , earnest inquiries that lack the kind of genuine depth that would make them redeemable . 
the only thing that distinguishes a randall wallace film from any other is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film . 
silly stuff , all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who can't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another . 
there is so much plodding sensitivity . 
the town has kind of an authentic feel , but each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial . 
 . . . too sappy for its own good . 
circuit queens won't learn a thing , they'll be too busy cursing the film's strategically placed white sheets . 
as an actress , madonna is one helluva singer . as the mediterranean sparkles , 'swept away' sinks . 
expanded to 65 minutes for theatrical release , it still feels somewhat unfinished . 
it all looks and plays like a $40 million version of a game you're more likely to enjoy on a computer . 
[javier bardem is] one of the few reasons to watch the film , which director gerardo vera has drenched in swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama . 
feels shrill , simple and soapy . 
brady achieves the remarkable feat of squandering a topnotch foursome of actors . . . by shoving them into every clichéd white-trash situation imaginable . 
in the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick , the emperor's club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach . 
a direct-to-void release , heading nowhere . 
typical animé , with cheapo animation ( like saturday morning tv in the '60s ) , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and japanese names . 
below is well below expectations . 
at no point during k-19 : the widowmaker did this viewer feel enveloped in a story that , though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never seems to leave the lot . 
 . . . standard guns versus martial arts cliche with little new added . 
empire can't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film . it doesn't work as either . 
possession is in the end an honorable , interesting failure . it falls far short of poetry , but it's not bad prose . 
jonathan parker's bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films . 
there may have been a good film in " trouble every day , " but it is not what is on the screen . 
viewed as a comedy , a romance , a fairy tale , or a drama , there's nothing remotely triumphant about this motion picture . 
there's something unintentionally comic in the film's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties . 
the master of disguise is funny--not " ha ha " funny , " dead circus performer " funny . and for all the wrong reasons besides . 
a 75-minute sample of puerile rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor . 
you leave feeling like you've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing . 
with mcconaughey in an entirely irony-free zone and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids , there's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd . 
it's the type of stunt the academy loves : a powerful political message stuffed into an otherwise mediocre film . 
the images are usually abbreviated in favor of mushy obviousness and telegraphed pathos , particularly where whitaker's misfit artist is concerned . 
if welles was unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two , he probably wouldn't be too crazy with his great-grandson's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way . 
sets animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and judaism back at least 50 . 
might best be enjoyed as a daytime soaper . 
eventually arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation . 
a showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault , the film is less successful on other levels . 
boy oh boy , it's a howler . 
a few pieces of the film buzz and whir ; very little of it actually clicks . the thing just never gets off the ground . 
 . . . contains very few laughs and even less surprises . 
the actors must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face . 
most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots . the movie isn't horrible , but you can see mediocre cresting on the next wave . 
however stale the material , lawrence's delivery remains perfect ; his great gift is that he can actually trick you into thinking some of this worn-out , pandering palaver is actually funny . 
there's nothing remotely topical or sexy here . 
the tuxedo wasn't just bad ; it was , as my friend david cross would call it , 'hungry-man portions of bad' . 
the sequel plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once . 
while van wilder may not be the worst national lampoon film , it's far from being this generation's animal house . 
so devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it cannot even be dubbed hedonistic . 
reeks of rot and hack work from start to finish . 
it's such a mechanical endeavor [that] it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it . 
the art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italian-language soundtrack . 
 if the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you , then the film is a pleasant enough dish . 
ultimately , in the history of the academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about " chicago " in 2002 . zellweger's whiny pouty-lipped poof faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a
a pleasant and engaging enough sit , but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole . 
its plot and animation offer daytime tv serviceability , but little more . 
human nature , in short , isn't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ; neither is it as smart . 
a film with a great premise but only a great premise . 
instead of building to a laugh riot we are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence . 
kirshner and monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other . ( kirshner wins , but it's close . ) 
what started out as a taut contest of wills between bacon and theron , deteriorates into a protracted and borderline silly chase sequence . 
[sam's] self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining . 
simply put , there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn . 
this is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be . 
obvious
the inevitable double- and triple-crosses arise , but the only drama is in waiting to hear how john malkovich's reedy consigliere will pronounce his next line . 
this mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy . 
it's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long . 
possibly not since grumpy old men have i heard a film so solidly connect with one demographic while striking out with another . 
the drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin couldn't keep my attention . 
predecessors the mummy and the mummy returns stand as intellectual masterpieces next to the scorpion king . 
a markedly inactive film , city is conversational bordering on confessional . 
while kids will probably eat the whole thing up , most adults will be way ahead of the plot . 
we've liked klein's other work but rollerball left us cold . 
nohe has made a decent 'intro' documentary , but he feels like a spectator and not a participant . 
the weird thing about the santa clause 2 , purportedly a children's movie , is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally . 
it's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish . 
contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom . 
partly a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely soulless . 
ong chooses to present ah na's life as a slight , weightless fairy tale , whose most unpleasant details seem to melt away in the face of the character's blank-faced optimism . 
the overall feel is not unlike watching a glorified episode of " 7th heaven . " 
just a kiss is a just a waste . 
this is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie . 
it's better than mid-range steven seagal , but not as sharp as jet li on rollerblades . 
there's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long . 
the talk-heavy film plays like one of robert altman's lesser works . 
as happily glib and vicious as its characters . 
one of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart . 
no better or worse than 'truth or consequences , n . m . ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a western backwater . 
a sour attempt at making a farrelly brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female set . 
talky , artificial and opaque . . . an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture . 
kurys never shows why , of all the period's volatile romantic lives , sand and musset are worth particular attention . 
it's easy to love robin tunney -- she's pretty and she can act -- but it gets harder and harder to understand her choices . 
if you've got a house full of tots -- don't worry , this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then . 
the new film of anton chekhov's the cherry orchard puts the 'ick' in 'classic . '
has an uppity musical beat that you can dance to , but its energy can't compare to the wit , humor and snappy dialogue of the original . if i want music , i'll buy the soundtrack . if i want a real movie , i'll buy the criterion dvd . 
an unremarkable , modern action/comedy buddy movie whose only nod to nostalgia is in the title . 
writer-director stephen gaghan has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call 'too clever by half . '
seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof . 
the movie is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it . 
pleasant but not more than recycled jock piffle . 
 . . . the kind of movie you see because the theater has air conditioning . 
with zoe clarke-williams's lackluster thriller " new best friend " , who needs enemies ? just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills . 
an uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening . 
aside from showing us in explicit detail how difficult it is to win over the two-drink-minimum crowd , there's little to be learned from watching 'comedian'
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based 'drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged . 
like a soft drink that's been sitting open too long : it's too much syrup and not enough fizz . 
the emperor's club is one of those films that possesses all the good intentions in the world , but . . . 
in the end , the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you'd expect to see on showtime's 'red shoe diaries . '
a straight-ahead thriller that never rises above superficiality . 
glizty but formulaic and silly . . . cagney's 'top of the world' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel . 
the re- enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well . 
eisenstein lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema's directorial giants . 
once again , director chris columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours . 
too smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like , this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot . 
a well-made but emotionally scattered film whose hero gives his heart only to the dog . 
the most repugnant adaptation of a classic text since roland joffé and demi moore's the scarlet letter . 
the adventures of pluto nash is a whole lot of nada . 
a really good premise is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness . 
lawrence should stick to his day job . he's a better actor than a standup comedian . 
despite the fact that this film wasn't as bad as i thought it was going to be , it's still not a good movie
a well made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars . 
i never thought i'd say this , but i'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies ! 
a film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic , neither warm nor fuzzy . 
tiresomely derivative and hammily acted . 
we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they'll wind up together , and michele's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest . 
the plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution . 
rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories . 
at best , cletis tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience . 
not really a thriller so much as a movie for teens to laugh , groan and hiss at . 
as plain and pedestrian as catsup--
an improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania that have preceded it . 
i know we're not supposed to take it seriously , but i can't shake the thought that undercover brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary . 
your stomach for heaven depends largely on your appetite for canned corn . 
a picture as erratic as its central character . 
the package in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped is disappointingly generic . 
all the movie's narrative gymnastics can't disguise the fact that it's inauthentic at its core and that its story just isn't worth telling . 
much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there isn't much there here . 
the film ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive . . . 
[a] rather thinly-conceived movie . 
a bit too eager to please . 
 " the road paved with good intentions leads to the video store " 
animated drivel meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots . 
so-so entertainment . 
crudup's screen presence is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families . 
there is one surefire way to get a nomination for a best-foreign-film oscar : make a movie about whimsical folk who learn a nonchallenging , life-affirming lesson while walking around a foreign city with stunning architecture . 
despite terrific special effects and funnier gags , harry potter and the chamber of secrets finds a way to make j . k . rowling's marvelous series into a deadly bore . 
an incredibly narrow in-joke targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic . 
the only thing i laughed at were the people who paid to see it . 
all of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but director george hickenlooper's approach to the material is too upbeat . 
the film's overall mood and focus is interesting but constantly unfulfilling . 
those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one . 
punitively affirmational parable . 
befuddled in its characterizations as it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject
from beginning to end , this overheated melodrama plays like a student film . 
the movie would seem less of a trifle if ms . sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine . 
in trying to be daring and original , it comes off as only occasionally satirical and never fresh . 
sadly , though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they can't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction . 
never capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance . 
it's drab . it's uninteresting . it squanders chan's uniqueness ; it could even be said to squander jennifer love hewitt ! 
the movie keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny phonce and his several silly subplots . 
this tale has been told and retold ; the races and rackets change , but the song remains the same . 
a film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner is somehow making its way instead to theaters . it's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter . 
lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings . 
i suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject . 
the film itself is about something very interesting and odd that would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative . 
an unintentional parody of every teen movie made in the last five years . 
only for young children , if them . their parents would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes . 
a sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer . 
the action is reasonably well-done . . . yet story , character and comedy bits are too ragged to ever fit smoothly together . 
thin period piece . 
hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script . 
the best thing that can be said of the picture is that it does have a few cute moments . 
it's not a bad premise , just a bad movie . 
an already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus . if only there were one for this kind of movie . 
by the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest cannot be revived . 
watching queen of the damned is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in . 
when mr . hundert tells us in his narration that 'this is a story without surprises , ' we nod in agreement . 
leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion . 
a soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties . 
4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly . 
feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime . . . and , perhaps more than he realizes , just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work . 
trailer park magnolia : too long , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance , and possessed of that peculiar tension of being too dense & about nothing at all . 
viewers of barney's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it . 
sayles . . . once again strands his superb performers in the same old story . 
the piano teacher , like its title character , is repellantly out of control . 
i have to admit i walked out of runteldat . i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes . 
the film wasn't preachy , but it was feminism by the book . 
several of steven soderbergh's earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist . sadly , full frontal plays like the work of a dilettante . 
'the war of the roses , ' trailer-trash style . entertaining but like shooting fish in a barrel . 
supposedly , pokemon can't be killed , but pokemon 4ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over . 
white hasn't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else . 
cattaneo should have followed the runaway success of his first film , the full monty , with something different . 
the film feels formulaic , its plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe . 
how this one escaped the lifetime network i'll never know . 
couldn't someone take rob schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person ? 
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but until then there's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations . 
for all its brilliant touches , dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion . 
i have to admit that i am baffled by jason x . 
a mean-spirited film made by someone who surely read the catcher in the rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia
this is a film living far too much in its own head . 
the umpteenth summer skinny dip in jerry bruckheimer's putrid pond of retread action twaddle . 
national lampoon's van wilder may aim to be the next animal house , but it more closely resembles this year's version of tomcats . 
more of a career curio than a major work . 
taken as a whole , the tuxedo doesn't add up to a whole lot . 
an instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product . 
frankly , it's pretty stupid . i had more fun with ben stiller's zoolander , which i thought was rather clever . but there's plenty to offend everyone . . . 
love liza is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit . 
quite frankly , i can't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out . 
the innocence of holiday cheer ain't what it used to be . 
too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy , vulgar is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work . 
should have gone straight to video . it looks like an action movie , but it's so poorly made , on all levels , that it doesn't even qualify as a spoof of such . 
it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b . s . one another and put on a show in drag . 
consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire . 
sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading . 
heavy with flabby rolls of typical toback machinations . 
it is very difficult to care about the character , and that is the central flaw of the film . 
snow dogs finds its humour in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him
whole stretches of the film may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black . 
es triste tener que decirles que lo único grato de la cinta es el cuerpo desnudo de la heather . . . 
ends up offering nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone flick would . 
if the tuxedo actually were a suit , it would fit chan like a $99 bargain-basement special . 
parents beware ; this is downright movie penance . 
impeccably filmed , sexually charged , but ultimately lacking in substance , not to mention dragged down by a leaden closing act . 
feels at times like a giant commercial for universal studios , where much of the action takes place . 
while the mystery unravels , the characters respond by hitting on each other . 
every sequel you skip will be two hours gained . consider this review life-affirming . 
if the movie were all comedy , it might work better . but it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness . 
the movie , while beautiful , feels labored , with a hint of the writing exercise about it . 
twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , clint eastwood's efficiently minimalist style finally has failed him . big time . 
this heist flick about young brooklyn hoods is off the shelf after two years to capitalize on the popularity of vin diesel , seth green and barry pepper . it should have stayed there . 
the film has a childlike quality about it . but the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass . 
the most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine . 
the movie is gorgeously made , but it is also somewhat shallow and art-conscious . 
the only time 8 crazy nights comes close to hitting a comedic or satirical target is during the offbeat musical numbers . 
there's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but brooms isn't it . 
chamber of secrets will find millions of eager fans . but if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie . 
too clever by about nine-tenths . 
has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting . 
well-meant but unoriginal . 
bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man does to the experiences of most teenagers . 
director carl franklin , so crisp and economical in one false move , bogs down in genre cliches here . 
mendes still doesn't quite know how to fill a frame . like the hanks character , he's a slow study : the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed . 
this thing is just garbage . 
a bold ( and lovely ) experiment that will almost certainly bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams . 
an uplifting , largely bogus story . 
with very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like swimming with sharks and the player , this latest skewering . . . may put off insiders and outsiders alike . 
[davis] wants to cause his audience an epiphany , yet he refuses to give us real situations and characters . 
 . . . unlike [scorsese's mean streets] , ash wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot . 
being unique doesn't necessarily equate to being good , no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke . 
yes , i suppose it's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care , so i didn't . 
nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises . 
meanders between its powerful moments . 
a backhanded ode to female camaraderie penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship . 
pure of intention and passably diverting , his secret life is light , innocuous and unremarkable . 
 . . . delivers few moments of inspiration amid the bland animation and simplistic story . 
take away the controversy , and it's not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera . 
it's got the brawn , but not the brains . 
about one in three gags in white's intermittently wise script hits its mark ; the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook . 
little is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick . 
if jews were catholics , this would be catechism
one of those films that seems tailor made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch . 
charming , if overly complicated . . . 
hope keeps arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors , but it doesn't . 
constantly slips from the grasp of its maker . 
'christian bale's quinn [is] a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . '
might be one of those vanity projects in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people . 
after you laugh once ( maybe twice ) , you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot . 
not one moment in the enterprise didn't make me want to lie down in a dark room with something cool to my brow . 
the overall vibe is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors . 
breen's script is sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting . 
there's no question that epps scores once or twice , but it's telling that his funniest moment comes when he falls about ten feet onto his head . 
if only merchant paid more attention the story . 
at the one-hour mark , herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion . 
 . . . too contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be . 
the characters are based on stock clichés , and the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility . 
everything about it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings is completely serviceable and quickly forgettable . 
not the great american comedy , but if you liked the previous movies in the series , you'll have a good time with this one too . 
the movie is so thoughtlessly assembled . 
plays like some corny television production from a bygone era
the end result is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump . 
for all the charm of kevin kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope , there's something creepy about this movie . 
i was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism . 
naipaul fans may be disappointed . those who are not acquainted with the author's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep . 
hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound . 
if you're a crocodile hunter fan , you'll enjoy at least the " real " portions of the film . if you're looking for a story , don't bother . 
a baffling mixed platter of gritty realism and magic realism with a hard-to-swallow premise . 
an affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer's previous collaboration , miss congeniality . 
sometimes this modest little number clicks , and sometimes it doesn't . 
like a pack of dynamite sticks , built for controversy . the film is explosive , but a few of those sticks are wet . 
has its charming quirks and its dull spots . 
you get the impression that writer and director burr steers knows the territory . . . but his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools . 
less a study in madness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession . 
rice never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them . 
a slight and obvious effort , even for one whose target demographic is likely still in the single digits , age-wise . 
the movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves . 
formulaic to the 51st power , more like . 
draggin' about dragons
howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but they're often undone by howard's self-conscious attempts to find a 'literary' filmmaking style to match his subject . 
a respectable but uninspired thriller that's intelligent and considered in its details , but ultimately weak in its impact . 
jones helps breathe some life into the insubstantial plot , but even he is overwhelmed by predictability . 
the movie just has too much on its plate to really stay afloat for its just under ninety minute running time . 
comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire . 
cinematic poo . 
offers absolutely nothing i hadn't already seen . 
 " analyze that " is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original . 
you might say tykwer has done all that heaven allows , if you wanted to make as anti-kieslowski a pun as possible . suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled . 
complex , sinuously plotted and , somehow , off-puttingly cold . 
first-time writer-director dylan kidd also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people . 
goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab . 
slow , dry , poorly cast , but beautifully shot . 
will give many ministers and bible-study groups hours of material to discuss . but mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted . 
this long and relentlessly saccharine film is a clear case of preaching to the converted . 
the film is flat . 
the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but . . . it's at least watchable . 
this bond film goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better . 
it would work much better as a one-hour tv documentary . 
anemic chronicle of money grubbing new yorkers and their serial loveless hook ups . 
simply doesn't have sufficient heft to justify its two-hour running time . 
it made me feel unclean , and i'm the guy who liked there's something about mary and both american pie movies . oh , and booty call . 
not only is it hokey , manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches . 
it's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that it's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence . 
the movie has a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood , and it's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions . 
at some point , all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill . 
meyjes's movie , like max rothman's future , does not work . 
not once does it come close to being exciting . 
it plays like a big-budget , after-school special with a generous cast , who at times lift the material from its well-meaning clunkiness . 
there's something not entirely convincing about the quiet american . and that holds true for both the movie and the title character played by brendan fraser . 
one of those strained caper movies that's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends . 
needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance . 
the ending doesn't work . . . but most of the movie works so well i'm almost recommending it , anyway -- maybe not to everybody , but certainly to people with a curiosity about how a movie can go very right , and then step wrong . 
cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes . 
the bottom line , at least in my opinion , is imposter makes a better short story than it does a film . 
some elements of it really blow the big one , but other parts are decent . 
unless you're a fanatic , the best advice is : 'scooby' don't . 
a cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that is itself endlessly superficial . 
for single digits kidlets stuart little 2 is still a no brainer . if you're looking to rekindle the magic of the first film , you'll need a stronger stomach than us . 
shreve's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera . 
contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin . 
this is a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic . 
the movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology that's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads . 
a jumbled fantasy comedy that did not figure out a coherent game plan at scripting , shooting or post-production stages . 
personal velocity ought to be exploring these women's inner lives , but it never moves beyond their surfaces . 
sounding like arnold schwarzenegger , with a physique to match , [ahola] has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that doesn't produce any real transformation . 
a fascinating but choppy documentary . 
scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres graced with its company . 
the doofus-on- the-loose banter of welcome to collinwood has a cocky , after-hours loopiness to it . and as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content isn't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is . 
too stagey , talky -- and long -- for its own good . 
apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap . 
despite auteuil's performance , it's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug . 
director boris von sychowski instead opts for a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through . 
 . . . little more than a well-acted television melodrama shot for the big screen . 
never comes together as a coherent whole . 
don't even bother to rent this on video . 
there is something in full frontal , i guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them , but like most movie riddles , it works only if you have an interest in the characters you see . 
this is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in september . 
not counting a few gross-out comedies i've been trying to forget , this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes . 
plays like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz , rather than a fully developed story . 
the film doesn't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences . 
a mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being . 
bartlett's hero remains a reactive cipher , when opening the man's head and heart is the only imaginable reason for the film to be made . 
the plot is plastered with one hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults . 
too bland and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient . 
in any case , i would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995's forget paris . but even then , i'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes . 
depicts the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then laughs at how clever it's being . 
'cq may one day be fondly remembered as roman coppola's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about
 . . . stale and uninspired . 
 . . . the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank . 
it just didn't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on ( or be entertained by ) . 
this action-thriller/dark comedy is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage . 
no amount of arty theorizing -- the special effects are 'german-expressionist , ' according to the press notes -- can render it anything but laughable . 
boyd's screenplay ( co-written with guardian hack nick davies ) has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to guy ritchie than the bard of avon . 
there's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination . 
a moving picture that does not move . 
 . . . an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler . 
is it a comedy ? a drama ? a romance ? a cartoon ? 
ze movie starts out so funny , then she is nothing . 
did the film inform and educate me ? yes . did it move me to care about what happened in 1915 armenia ? no . and that is where ararat went astray . 
eight legged freaks won't join the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks that we have come to love . . . 
a kilted jackson is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces . 
contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs , the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster . 
starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter . 
the film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises . 
the only question . . . is to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering . average , at best , i'm afraid . 
a crisply made movie that is no more than mildly amusing . 
this movie feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment . 
overall , it's a pretty mediocre family film . 
love may have been in the air onscreen , but i certainly wasn't feeling any of it . 
it's as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese . 
the movie ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter 'uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie . 
worthy of the gong . 
while certainly more naturalistic than its australian counterpart , amari's film falls short in building the drama of lilia's journey . 
i found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays . 
the soul-searching deliberateness of the film , although leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit , eventually becomes too heavy for the plot . 
as inept as big-screen remakes of the avengers and the wild wild west . 
comes across as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions . . . feel silly rather than plausible . 
moves in such odd plot directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured . 
it's a very sincere work , but it would be better as a diary or documentary . 
once one experiences mr . haneke's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience , one is left with a sour taste in one's mouth , and little else . 
a chiller resolutely without chills . 
the director mostly plays it straight , turning leys' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder . 
though frida is easier to swallow than julie taymor's preposterous titus , the eye candy here lacks considerable brio . 
drumline is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realized story . 
the whole movie is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well . 
the film affords us intriguing glimpses of the insights gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry , but ram dass : fierce grace doesn't organize it with any particular insight . 
pompous and garbled . 
if you want a movie time trip , the 1960 version is a far smoother ride . 
traffics in the kind of prechewed racial clichés that have already been through the corporate stand-up-comedy mill . 
the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed . 
 . . . grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces . 
i wish windtalkers had had more faith in the dramatic potential of this true story . this would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes . 
none of the characters or plot-lines are fleshed-out enough to build any interest . 
as social exposé , skins has its heart in the right place , but that's not much to hang a soap opera on . 
there's a bit of thematic meat on the bones of queen of the damned , as its origins in an anne rice novel dictate , but generally , it's a movie that emphasizes style over character and substance . 
this one is certainly well-meaning , but it's also simple-minded and contrived . 
coppola has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else . 
the impulses that produced this project . . . are commendable , but the results are uneven . 
a well-acted movie that simply doesn't gel . 
there's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish . 
it's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant . 
other than a mildly engaging central romance , hospital is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst . 
outside of burger's desire to make some kind of film , it's really unclear why this project was undertaken
a fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming . 
by the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around . 
since lee is a sentimentalist , the film is more worshipful than your random e ! true hollywood story . 
wes craven's presence is felt ; not the craven of 'a nightmare on elm street' or 'the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of 'deadly friend . '
sunshine state surveys the landscape and assesses the issues with a clear passion for sociology . but the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed . 
it's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking . 
skip this dreck , rent animal house and go back to the source . 
the movie is a desperate miscalculation . it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time . 
uzumaki's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse . . . 
a retread of material already thoroughly plumbed by martin scorsese . 
criminal conspiracies and true romances move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film that it makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama . 
it's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland . 
starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches . 
bolstered by an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that i haven't encountered since at least pete's dragon . 
makes a joke out of car chases for an hour and then gives us half an hour of car chases . 
it's too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience . 
'synthetic' is the best description of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree . 
judd's characters ought to pick up the durable best seller smart women , foolish choices for advice . 
this ill-conceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it . 
 . . . there's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise . 
doesn't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez . 
this is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you've been sitting still . 
it's super- violent , super-serious and super-stupid . 
so earnest and well-meaning , and so stocked with talent , that you almost forget the sheer , ponderous awfulness of its script . 
the château would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera . not to mention a sharper , cleaner camera lens . 
granddad of le nouvelle vague , jean-luc godard continues to baffle the faithful with his games of hide-and-seek . 
philosophically , intellectually and logistically a mess . 
a standard police-oriented drama that , were it not for de niro's participation , would have likely wound up a tnt original . 
a technical triumph and an extraordinary bore . 
i can easily imagine benigni's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial . coal isn't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children's stockings . 
two hours of junk . 
self-congratulatory , misguided , and ill-informed , if nonetheless compulsively watchable . 
the whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey . . . [it] comes off like a hallmark commercial . 
 . . . tara reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six-time winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant , so i don't know what she's doing in here . . . 
the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient . 
normally , rohmer's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable . 
i highly recommend irwin , but not in the way this film showcases him . 
this picture is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer . 
malone does have a gift for generating nightmarish images that will be hard to burn out of your brain . but the movie's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure . 
diaz wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance
the plot has a number of holes , and at times it's simply baffling . 
an ill-conceived jumble that's not scary , not smart and not engaging . 
brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama , deuces wild represents fifties teen-gang machismo in a way that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism . 
gets bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing . 
utter mush . . . conceited pap . 
 " what john does is heroic , but we don't condone it , " one of the film's stars recently said , a tortuous comment that perfectly illustrates the picture's moral schizophrenia . 
like coming into a long-running , well-written television series where you've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably won't see the next six . 
stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed . 
with tiny little jokes and nary an original idea , this sappy ethnic sleeper proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool . 
ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ? 
the best drug addition movies are usually depressing but rewarding . quitting , however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance . 
it would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi . 
in the end , all you can do is admire the ensemble players and wonder what the point of it is . 
for most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence . 
shatner is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was . 
tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident . 
as immaculate as stuart little 2 is , it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous . 
simply a re-hash of the other seven films . 
i found myself more appreciative of what the director was trying to do than of what he had actually done . 
goes on and on to the point of nausea . 
boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas . 
the comedy is nonexistent . 
a bland animated sequel that hardly seems worth the effort . 
if religious films aren't your bailiwick , stay away . otherwise , this could be a passable date film . 
stuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about . 
it is most of the things costner movies are known for ; it's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it . 
chai's structure and pacing are disconcertingly slack . 
to be oblivious to the existence of this film would be very sweet indeed . 
the director seems to take an unseemly pleasure in [the characters'] misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it . 
this dubious product of a college-spawned ( colgate u . ) comedy ensemble known as broken lizard plays like a mix of cheech and chong and chips . 
the movie doesn't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us . 
super troopers is an odd amalgam of comedy genres , existing somewhere between the often literal riffs of early zucker brothers/abrahams films , and the decidedly foul stylings of their post-modern contemporaries , the farrelly brothers . 
as a kind of colorful , dramatized pbs program , frida gets the job done . but , for that , why not watch a documentary ? 
with minimal imagination , you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub . 
nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film . . . it's not even a tv special you'd bother watching past the second commercial break . 
although . . . visually striking and slickly staged , it's also cold , grey , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated . 
you can see where big bad love is trying to go , but it never quite gets there . 
it's not as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe . . . but it's far from a groundbreaking endeavor . 
life or something like it has its share of high points , but it misses too many opportunities . 
this is a truly , truly bad movie . 
believability wasn't one of the film's virtues . 
sewer rats could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they'd need a shower . 
the santa clause 2's plot may sound like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry . 
his best film remains his shortest , the hole , which makes many of the points that this film does but feels less repetitive . 
kung pow is oedekerk's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that . 
busy urban comedy is clearly not zhang's forte , his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy . 
well-meaning but inert . 
a movie that can't get sufficient distance from leroy's delusions to escape their maudlin influence . 
it's young guns meets goodfellas in this easily skippable hayseeds-vs . -greaseballs mob action-comedy . 
louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother hoffman's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just doesn't make sense . 
the movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short . 
the film is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface . 
can't get enough of libidinous young city dwellers ? try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes edward burns' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde . 
in the new guy , even the bull gets recycled . 
 . . . overly melodramatic . . . 
largely , this is a movie that also does it by the numbers . 
the result is an 'action film' mired in stasis . 
this is the first full scale wwii flick from hong kong's john woo . he's not good with people . 
patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary . 
[stevens is] so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits . 
one of the more glaring signs of this movie's servitude to its superstar is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms . spears . 
 . . . generically , forgettably pleasant from start to finish . 
an overstylized , puréed mélange of sex , psychology , drugs and philosophy . sometimes entertaining , sometimes indulgent -- but never less than pure wankery . 
'lovely and amazing , ' unhappily , is neither . . . excessively strained and contrived . 
this one is a few bits funnier than malle's dud , if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks . 
'it's painful to watch witherspoon's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama . '
a plodding teen remake that's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twists . 
trying to figure out the rules of the country bear universe -- when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier -- would tax einstein's brain . 
even in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates , it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash . 
rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue . 
 . . . one big laugh , three or four mild giggles , and a whole lot of not much else . 
too intensely focused on the travails of being hal hartley to function as pastiche , no such thing is hartley's least accessible screed yet . 
kenneth branagh's energetic sweet-and-sour performance as a curmudgeonly british playwright grounds this overstuffed , erratic dramedy in which he and his improbably forbearing wife contend with craziness and child-rearing in los angeles . 
director uwe boll and writer robert dean klein fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , cannot overcome blah characters . 
ms . phoenix is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either esther's initial anomie or her eventual awakening . 
a clichéd and shallow cautionary tale about the hard-partying lives of gay men . 
the fetid underbelly of fame has never looked uglier . 
while it is welcome to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion , lan yu never catches dramatic fire . 
the script boasts some tart tv-insider humor , but the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy . 
despite the pyrotechnics , narc is strictly by the book . 
in both the writing and cutting , it does not achieve the kind of dramatic unity that transports you . you end up simply admiring this bit or that , this performance or that . 
cacoyannis is perhaps too effective in creating an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation and labored gentility . 
worth seeing once , but its charm quickly fades . 
the original wasn't a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece ! 
one suspects that craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison . 
gere gives a good performance in a film that doesn't merit it . 
your appreciation of it will depend on what experiences you bring to it and what associations you choose to make . 
includes too much obvious padding . 
don't expect any subtlety from this latest entry in the increasingly threadbare gross-out comedy cycle . 
shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors . . . 
 . . . a movie that , quite simply , shouldn't have been made . 
conforms itself with creating a game of 'who's who' . . . where the characters' moves are often more predictable than their consequences . 
looks and feels like a low-budget hybrid of scarface or carlito's way . 
the script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material . 
the verdict : two bodies and hardly a laugh between them . 
downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message . 
while the film is competent , it's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires . 
they ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering . 
it's harmless , diverting fluff . but it's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre . 
it's just plain lurid when it isn't downright silly . 
comedy troupe broken lizard's first movie is very funny but too concerned with giving us a plot . 
'all in all , reign of fire will be a good ( successful ) rental . '
occasionally funny , sometimes inspiring , often boring . 
a movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you can't wait to see end . 
elegantly crafted but emotionally cold , a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level . 
were dylan thomas alive to witness first-time director ethan hawke's strained chelsea walls , he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , 'do not go gentle into that good theatre . '
the story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive . 
clare peploe's airless movie adaptation could use a little american pie-like irreverence . 
clayburgh and tambor are charming performers ; neither of them deserves eric schaeffer . 
illiterate , often inert sci-fi action thriller . 
the adventure doesn't contain half the excitement of balto , or quarter the fun of toy story 2 . 
essentially a collection of bits -- and they're all naughty . 
before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy , steven shainberg's adaptation of mary gaitskill's harrowing short story . . . is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience . 
solaris is rigid and evasive in ways that soderbergh's best films , " erin brockovich , " " out of sight " and " ocean's eleven , " never were . 
seems like something american and european gay movies were doing 20 years ago . 
you can see the would-be surprises coming a mile away , and the execution of these twists is delivered with a hammer . thumbs down . 
 . . . del toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy . 
the movie eventually snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure . 
the real question this movie poses is not 'who ? ' but 'why ? '
now here's a sadistic bike flick that would have made vittorio de sica proud . 
a movie that's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it depicts . 
a movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'empowerment . '
occasionally interesting but essentially unpersuasive , a footnote to a still evolving story . 
alternative medicine obviously has its merits . . . but ayurveda does the field no favors . 
it follows the basic plot trajectory of nearly every schwarzenegger film : someone crosses arnie . arnie blows things up . 
ice age posits a heretofore unfathomable question : is it possible for computer-generated characters to go through the motions ? 
more dutiful than enchanting . . . terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating treat . 
barney's ideas about creation and identity don't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour's worth of actual material . 
affleck merely creates an outline for a role he still needs to grow into , a role that ford effortlessly filled with authority . 
cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only thing avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude . it makes sense that he went back to school to check out the girls -- his film is a frat boy's idea of a good time . 
the narrative is so consistently unimaginative that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking mystery science theater 3000 guys . 
nothing more or less than an outright bodice-ripper -- it should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows . 
feels less like a cousin to blade runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series . 
what might have been acceptable on the printed page of iles' book does not translate well to the screen . 
if oscar had a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but wasn't , guys would probably be duking it out with the queen of the damned for the honor . 
mediocre fable from burkina faso . 
fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent . 
bottom-rung new jack city wannabe . 
fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and he gives none to the audience . 
it's mildly amusing , but i certainly can't recommend it . 
nicholas nickleby celebrates the human spirit with such unrelenting dickensian decency that it turned me ( horrors ! ) into scrooge . 
may cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists . 
there are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations . where's the movie here ? 
lacking substance and soul , crossroads comes up shorter than britney's cutoffs . 
cassavetes thinks he's making dog day afternoon with a cause , but all he's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon . 
without non-stop techno or the existential overtones of a kieslowski morality tale , maelström is just another winter sleepers . 
nicks , seemingly uncertain what's going to make people laugh , runs the gamut from stale parody to raunchy sex gags to formula romantic comedy . 
'a' for creativity but comes across more as a sketch for a full-length comedy . 
if there's one thing this world needs less of , it's movies about college that are written and directed by people who couldn't pass an entrance exam . 
the script kicks in , and mr . hartley's distended pace and foot-dragging rhythms follow . 
[e]ventually , every idea in this film is flushed down the latrine of heroism . 
i am sorry that i was unable to get the full brunt of the comedy . 
looks and feels like a project better suited for the small screen . 
indifferently implausible popcorn programmer of a movie . 
it's inoffensive , cheerful , built to inspire the young people , set to an unending soundtrack of beach party pop numbers and aside from its remarkable camerawork and awesome scenery , it's about as exciting as a sunburn . 
christina ricci comedy about sympathy , hypocrisy and love is a misfire . 
they should have called it gutterball . 
thekids will probably stay amused at the kaleidoscope of big , colorful characters . mom and dad can catch some quality naptime along the way . 
it's too self-important and plodding to be funny , and too clipped and abbreviated to be an epic . 
the best that can be said about the work here of scottish director ritchie . . . is that he obviously doesn't have his heart in it . 
slick piece of cross-promotion . 
taylor appears to have blown his entire budget on soundtrack rights and had nothing left over for jokes . 
it believes it's revealing some great human truths , when , in reality , it's churning ground that has long passed the point of being fertile . 
by turns pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious . 
villeneuve spends too much time wallowing in bibi's generic angst ( there are a lot of shots of her gazing out windows ) . 
the techno tux is good for a few laughs , as are chan and hewitt , but when such a good design turns out to be a cheap knockoff , we can't recommend anything but a rental for the tuxedo . 
too much of the humor falls flat . 
detox is ultimately a pointless endeavor . 
van wilder doesn't bring anything new to the proverbial table , but it does possess a coherence absent in recent crass-a-thons like tomcats , freddy got fingered , and slackers . 
the piquant story needs more dramatic meat on its bones . 
very special effects , brilliantly bold colors and heightened reality can't hide the giant achilles' heel in " stuart little 2 " : there's just no story , folks . 
 " roger michell ( " notting hill " ) directs a morality thriller . " 
it's dumb , but more importantly , it's just not scary . 
even with a green mohawk and a sheet of fire-red flame tattoos covering his shoulder , however , kilmer seems to be posing , rather than acting . and that leaves a hole in the center of the salton sea . 
full of witless jokes , dealing in broad stereotypes and outrageously unbelievable scenarios , and saddled with a general air of misogyny
the film's hackneyed message is not helped by the thin characterizations , nonexistent plot and pretentious visual style . 
the iditarod lasts for days - this just felt like it did . 
 it feels like an after-school special gussied up with some fancy special effects , and watching its rote plot points connect is about as exciting as gazing at an egg timer for 93 minutes . 
should have been someone else-
the film is based on truth and yet there is something about it that feels incomplete , as if the real story starts just around the corner . 
the lower your expectations , the more you'll enjoy it . 
rarely has leukemia looked so shimmering and benign . 
even in this less-than-magic kingdom , reese rules . 
though moonlight mile is replete with acclaimed actors and actresses and tackles a subject that's potentially moving , the movie is too predictable and too self-conscious to reach a level of high drama . 
i can't recommend it . but it's surprisingly harmless . 
corpus collosum -- while undeniably interesting -- wore out its welcome well before the end credits rolled about 45 minutes in . 
the last 20 minutes are somewhat redeeming , but most of the movie is the same teenage american road-trip drek we've seen before - only this time you have to read the fart jokes
it's hard to like a film about a guy who is utterly unlikeable , and shiner , starring michael caine as an aging british boxing promoter desperate for a taste of fame and fortune , is certainly that . 
a by-the-numbers effort that won't do much to enhance the franchise . 
overall the film feels like a low-budget tv pilot that could not find a buyer to play it on the tube . 
despite all evidence to the contrary , this clunker has somehow managed to pose as an actual feature movie , the kind that charges full admission and gets hyped on tv and purports to amuse small children and ostensible adults . 
shrewd but pointless . 
hey arnold ! the movie could have been made 40 years ago , and parents' appreciation of it may depend on whether they consider that a good thing . 
if the movie succeeds in instilling a wary sense of 'there but for the grace of god , ' it is far too self-conscious to draw you deeply into its world . 
we haven't seen such hilarity since say it isn't so ! 
the cold turkey would've been a far better title . 
zaidan's script has barely enough plot to string the stunts together and not quite enough characterization to keep the faces straight . 
try as i may , i can't think of a single good reason to see this movie , even though everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted , 'thank you ! ' when leguizamo finally plugged an irritating character late in the movie . 
while it's nice to watch a movie that hasn't been focus-grouped into tedium , yu's cinematic alchemy produces nearly as much lead as gold . 
it treats women like idiots . 
though catch me if you can isn't badly made , the fun slowly leaks out of the movie . 
just an average comedic dateflick but not a waste of time . 
a valueless kiddie paean to pro basketball underwritten by the nba . 
impostor has a handful of thrilling moments and a couple of good performances , but the movie doesn't quite fly . for starters , the story is just too slim . 
so much facile technique , such cute ideas , so little movie . 
the experience of going to a film festival is a rewarding one ; the experiencing of sampling one through this movie is not . 
almost gags on its own gore . 
how do you spell cliché ? 
it's sweet , harmless , dumb , occasionally funny and about as compelling as a fishing show . 
in the real world , an actor this uncharismatically beautiful would have a résumé loaded with credits like " girl in bar #3 . " 
under 15 ? a giggle a minute . over age 15 ? big fat waste of time . 
sometimes seems less like storytelling than something the otherwise compelling director needed to get off his chest . 
you really have to wonder how on earth anyone , anywhere could have thought they'd make audiences guffaw with a script as utterly diabolical as this . 
in the end , we are left with something like two ships passing in the night rather than any insights into gay love , chinese society or the price one pays for being dishonest . 
while much of the cast has charm -- especially allodi and nolden -- the performers are sunk by the film's primitive approach to the mechanics of comedy . 
this directorial debut from music video show-off higuchinsky is all flash . 
the longer the movie goes , the worse it gets , but it's actually pretty good in the first few minutes . 
while it's genuinely cool to hear characters talk about early rap records ( sugar hill gang , etc . ) , the constant referencing of hip-hop arcana can alienate even the savviest audiences . 
not only unfunny , but downright repellent . 
care deftly captures the wonder and menace of growing up , but he never really embraces the joy of fuhrman's destructive escapism or the grace-in-rebellion found by his characters . 
has a long and clunky ending . . . which forces the audience to fidget through ten pseudo-serious minutes while waiting for the ending credits and the deleted scenes montage to break the audience's awkward silence
whaley's determination to immerse you in sheer , unrelenting wretchedness is exhausting . 
the plot convolutions ultimately add up to nothing more than jerking the audience's chain . 
it's a trifle of a movie , with a few laughs surrounding an unremarkable soft center . 
holden caulfield did it better . 
a synthesis of cliches and absurdities that seems positively decadent in its cinematic flash and emptiness . 
oh come on . like you couldn't smell this turkey rotting from miles away . 
if it's seldom boring , well , it's also rarely coherent . 
simplistic fluff-ball of whimsy . 
not exactly the bees knees
it does nothing new with the old story , except to show fisticuffs in this sort of stop-go slow motion that makes the gang rumbles look like they're being streamed over a 28k modem . 
the kind of spectacularly misconceived enterprise that only a sophisticated cinephile could have perpetrated . 
the film contains no good jokes , no good scenes , barely a moment when carvey's saturday night live-honed mimicry rises above the level of embarrassment . 
chabrol has taken promising material for a black comedy and turned it instead into a somber chamber drama . 
this is nothing but familiar territory . 
in execution , this clever idea is far less funny than the original , killers from space . 
a broad , melodramatic estrogen opera that's pretty toxic in its own right . 
too slow , too long and too little happens . 
sacrifices the value of its wealth of archival foot-age with its less-than-objective stance . 
a hamfisted romantic comedy that makes our girl the hapless facilitator of an extended cheap shot across the mason-dixon line . 
scores no points for originality , wit , or intelligence . it's a cookie-cutter movie , a cut-and-paste job . 
they takes a long time to get to its gasp-inducing ending . 
barely gets off the ground . 
even on those rare occasions when the narrator stops yammering , miller's hand often feels unsure . 
pumpkin means to be an outrageous dark satire on fraternity life , but its ambitions far exceed the abilities of writer adam larson broder and his co-director , tony r . abrams , in their feature debut . 
at its best , queen is campy fun like the vincent price horror classics of the '60s . at its worst , it implodes in a series of very bad special effects . 
from the opening scenes , it's clear that all about the benjamins is a totally formulaic movie . 
on the bright side , it contains jesse ventura's best work since the xfl . 
despite impeccable acting . . . and a script that takes some rather unexpected ( even , at times , preposterous ) turns , love is just too , too precious in the end . 
dilbert without the right-on satiric humor . 
manages to show life in all of its banality when the intention is quite the opposite . 
do not see this film . 
minority report is exactly what the title indicates , a report . 
delivers the same old same old , tarted up with latin flava and turned out by hollywood playas . 
if you believe any of this , i can make you a real deal on leftover enron stock that will double in value a week from friday . 
to call the other side of heaven " appalling " would be to underestimate just how dangerous entertainments like it can be . 
in exactly 89 minutes , most of which passed as slowly as if i'd been sitting naked on an igloo , formula 51 sank from quirky to jerky to utter turkey . 
it's like every bad idea that's ever gone into an after-school special compiled in one place , minus those daytime programs' slickness and sophistication ( and who knew they even had any ? ) . 
while the resident evil games may have set new standards for thrills , suspense , and gore for video games , the movie really only succeeds in the third of these . 
to my taste , the film's comic characters come perilously close to being amoses and andys for a new generation . 
what the director can&#8217 ; t do is make either of val kilmer&#8217 ; s two personas interesting or worth caring about . 
it's difficult to imagine the process that produced such a script , but here's guessing that spray cheese and underarm noises played a crucial role . 
harland williams is so funny in drag he should consider permanent sex-reassignment . 
not an objectionable or dull film ; it merely lacks everything except good intentions . 
a science-fiction pastiche so lacking in originality that if you stripped away its inspirations there would be precious little left . 
the words , 'frankly , my dear , i don't give a damn , ' have never been more appropriate . 
what's next : " my mother the car ? " 
all the amped-up tony hawk-style stunts and thrashing rap-metal can't disguise the fact that , really , we've been here , done that . 
a sequel that's much too big for its britches . 
what was once original has been co-opted so frequently that it now seems pedestrian . 
a nightmare date with a half-formed wit done a great disservice by a lack of critical distance and a sad trust in liberal arts college bumper sticker platitudes . 
there's something with potential here , but the movie decides , like lavinia , to go the conservative route . 
it's one pussy-ass world when even killer-thrillers revolve around group therapy sessions . 
but the power of these [subjects] is obscured by the majority of the film that shows a stationary camera on a subject that could be mistaken for giving a public oration , rather than contributing to a film's narrative . 
rarely has so much money delivered so little entertainment . 
tries to add some spice to its quirky sentiments but the taste is all too familiar . 
paid in full is so stale , in fact , that its most vibrant scene is one that uses clips from brian de palma's scarface . that's a cheat . 
basically a static series of semi-improvised ( and semi-coherent ) raps between the stars . 
an unpredictable blend of gal-pal smart talk , romantic comedy and dark tragedy that bites off considerably more than writer/director john mckay can swallow . 
it's one of those baseball pictures where the hero is stoic , the wife is patient , the kids are as cute as all get-out and the odds against success are long enough to intimidate , but short enough to make a dream seem possible . 
 . . . a hollow joke told by a cinematic gymnast having too much fun embellishing the misanthropic tale to actually engage it . 
the film's essentially over by the meet-cute . 
i'm sure if you're a hartley fan , you might enjoy yourself . . . me , i didn't care for it . 
it's about following your dreams , no matter what your parents think . socrates motions for hemlock . 
it has all the excitement of eating oatmeal . 
i'll bet the video game is a lot more fun than the film . 
star trek : nemesis meekly goes where nearly every star trek movie has gone before . wince-inducing dialogue , thrift-shop costumes , prosthetic makeup by silly putty and kmart blue-light-special effects all conspire to test trekkie loyalty . 
like all abstract art , the film does not make this statement in an easily accessible way , and -- unless prewarned -- it would be very possible for a reasonably intelligent person to sit through its tidal wave of imagery and not get this vision at all . 
i'm guessing the director is a magician . after all , he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long . 
an unencouraging threefold expansion on the former mtv series , accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc . 
the script is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish . 
its well of thorn and vinegar ( and simple humanity ) has long been plundered by similar works featuring the insight and punch this picture so conspicuously lacks . 
for all its impressive craftsmanship , and despite an overbearing series of third-act crescendos , lily chou-chou never really builds up a head of emotional steam . 
don't be fooled by the impressive cast list - eye see you is pure junk . 
the documentary does little , apart from raising the topic , to further stoke the conversation . 
plays like a volatile and overlong w magazine fashion spread . 
a better title , for all concerned , might be swept under the rug . 
vera's technical prowess ends up selling his film short ; he smoothes over hard truths even as he uncovers them . 
[a] shapeless blob of desperate entertainment . 
feels too formulaic and too familiar to produce the transgressive thrills of early underground work . 
generic thriller junk . teens only . 
a by-the-numbers patient/doctor pic that covers all the usual ground
stealing harvard aspires to comedic grand larceny but stands convicted of nothing more than petty theft of your time . 
pretension , in its own way , is a form of bravery . for this reason and this reason only -- the power of its own steadfast , hoity-toity convictions -- chelsea walls deserves a medal . 
with the exception of some fleetingly amusing improvisations by cedric the entertainer as perry's boss , there isn't a redeeming moment here . 
it's a grab bag of genres that don't add up to a whole lot of sense . 
movie fans , get ready to take off . . . the other direction . 
[director] o'fallon manages to put some lovely pictures up on the big screen , but his skill at telling a story -- he also contributed to the screenplay -- falls short . 
the intent is almost exactly the same [as the full monty] . all that's missing is the spontaneity , originality and delight . 
even the finest chef can't make a hotdog into anything more than a hotdog , and robert de niro can't make this movie anything more than a trashy cop buddy comedy . 
it's not without its pleasures , but i'll stick with the tune . 
miller is playing so free with emotions , and the fact that children are hostages to fortune , that he makes the audience hostage to his swaggering affectation of seriousness . 
despite the evocative aesthetics evincing the hollow state of modern love life , the film never percolates beyond a monotonous whine . 
more maudlin than sharp . 
it's slow -- very , very slow . it's not the ultimate depression-era gangster movie . that's pure pr hype . 
visually rather stunning , but ultimately a handsome-looking bore , the true creativity would have been to hide treasure planet entirely and completely reimagine it . 
there seems to be no clear path as to where the story's going , or how long it's going to take to get there . 
if you're a wwf fan , or you related to the people who watched the robots getting butchered in a . i . , you'll probably like rollerball . 
i don't think i laughed out loud once . and when you're talking about a slapstick comedy , that's a pretty big problem . 
slapstick buffoonery can tickle many a preschooler's fancy , but when it costs a family of four about $40 to see a film in theaters , why spend money on a dog like this when you can rent a pedigree instead ? 
the notion that bombing buildings is the funniest thing in the world goes entirely unexamined in this startlingly unfunny comedy . 
it kinda works and qualifies as cool at times , but is just too lame to work or be cool at others . 
sustains its dreamlike glide through a succession of cheesy coincidences and voluptuous cheap effects , not the least of which is rebecca romijn-stamos . 
a non-mystery mystery . 
for each chuckle there are at least 10 complete misses , many coming from the amazingly lifelike tara reid , whose acting skills are comparable to a cardboard cutout . 
in its own way , joshua is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buñuel film without the latter's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius . 
i've always dreamed of attending cannes , but after seeing this film , it's not that big a deal . 
a workshop mentality prevails . 
pumpkin wants to have it both ways . 
[w]hile long on amiable monkeys and worthy environmentalism , jane goodall's wild chimpanzees is short on the thrills the oversize medium demands . 
outer-space buffs might love this film , but others will find its pleasures intermittent . 
this piece of channel 5 grade trash is , quite frankly , an insult to the intelligence of the true genre enthusiast . 
an occasionally funny , but overall limp , fish-out-of-water story . 
a bloated gasbag thesis grotesquely impressed by its own gargantuan aura of self-importance . . . 
new best friend's playboy-mansion presentation of college life is laugh-out-loud ludicrous . 
an appalling 'ace ventura' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak , former wrestler chyna and dolly parton . if any of them list this 'credit' on their resumes in the future , that'll be much funnier than anything in the film . . . 
as the latest bid in the tv-to-movie franchise game , i spy makes its big-screen entry with little of the nervy originality of its groundbreaking small-screen progenitor . 
this isn't even madonna's swept away . this is her blue lagoon . 
the director knows how to apply textural gloss , but his portrait of sex-as-war is strictly sitcom . 
burns never really harnesses to full effect the energetic cast . 
has all the depth of a wading pool . 
this is the sort of burly action flick where one coincidence pummels another , narrative necessity is a drunken roundhouse , and whatever passes for logic is a factor of the last plot device left standing . 
the so-inept- it's-surreal dubbing ( featuring the voices of glenn close , regis philbin and breckin meyer ) brings back memories of cheesy old godzilla flicks . 
 . . . the movie is just a plain old monster . 
if this disposable tissue has one wild card , it's john turturro , who's simply fab as a spanish butler with a foot fetish . 
one long string of cliches . 
at once half-baked and overheated . 
there's a solid woman- finding-herself story somewhere in here , but you'd have to dig pretty deep to uncover it . 
[serry] wants to blend politics and drama , an admirable ambition . it's too bad that the helping hand he uses to stir his ingredients is also a heavy one . 
the only entertainment you'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles – several of them . 
sam mendes has become valedictorian at the school for soft landings and easy ways out . 
lástima por schwarzenegger , pero es hora de que deje la estafeta a las nuevas generaciones . 
exactly what it claims to be -- a simple diversion for the kids . 
its story may be a thousand years old , but why did it have to seem like it took another thousand to tell it to us ? 
the problem with this film is that it lacks focus . i sympathize with the plight of these families , but the movie doesn't do a very good job conveying the issue at hand . 
a momentary escape from the summer heat and the sedentary doldrums that set in at this time of year . 
 . . . think of it as american pie on valium . 
puportedly " based on true events , " a convolution of language that suggests it's impossible to claim that it is " based on a true story " with a straight face . 
with its dogged hollywood naturalism and the inexorable passage of its characters toward sainthood , windtalkers is nothing but a sticky-sweet soap . 
some of it is clever , but it is never melodic/
a relative letdown . 
better to just call it abc kiarostami . for aids and africa are nothing more than part of the scenery . 
manages to be somewhat well-acted , not badly art-directed and utterly unengaging no matter how hard it tries to be thrilling , touching or , yikes , uproarious . 
warmed-over hash . 
this rather superficial arthouse middle-brow film knows how to please a crowd , and that's about all it does well . 
it's clear the filmmakers weren't sure where they wanted their story to go , and even more clear that they lack the skills to get us to this undetermined destination . 
as vulgar as it is banal . 
a puzzling experience . 
you wonder why enough wasn't just a music video rather than a full-length movie . 
the film's tone and pacing are off almost from the get-go . 
the talented and clever robert rodriguez perhaps put a little too much heart into his first film and didn't reserve enough for his second . 
more whiny downer than corruscating commentary . 
tambor and clayburgh make an appealing couple — he's understated and sardonic , she's appealingly manic and energetic . both deserve better . 
coughs and sputters on its own postmodern conceit . 
a wildly inconsistent emotional experience . 
a sometimes tedious film . 
teen movies have really hit the skids . 
 . . . plays like somebody spliced random moments of a chris rock routine into what is otherwise a cliche-riddled but self-serious spy thriller . 
does paint some memorable images . . . , but makhmalbaf keeps her distance from the characters
just not campy enough
it's everything you don't go to the movies for . 
like watching a dress rehearsal the week before the show goes up : everything's in place but something's just a little off-kilter . 
for all its technical virtuosity , the film is so mired in juvenile and near-xenophobic pedagogy that it's enough to make one pine for the day when godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking . 
american chai encourages rueful laughter at stereotypes only an indian-american would recognize . and the lesson , in the end , is nothing new . 
it made me want to wrench my eyes out of my head and toss them at the screen . 
 . . . plot holes so large and obvious a marching band might as well be stomping through them in clown clothes , playing a college football fight song on untuned instruments . 
so devoid of any kind of intelligible story that it makes films like xxx and collateral damage seem like thoughtful treatises
combining quick-cut editing and a blaring heavy metal much of the time , beck seems to be under the illusion that he's shooting the latest system of a down video . 
works hard to establish rounded characters , but then has nothing fresh or particularly interesting to say about them . 
the action switches between past and present , but the material link is too tenuous to anchor the emotional connections that purport to span a 125-year divide . 
manages to be both repulsively sadistic and mundane . 
a great ensemble cast can't lift this heartfelt enterprise out of the familiar . 
there ought to be a directing license , so that ed burns can have his revoked . 
the structure the film takes may find matt damon and ben affleck once again looking for residuals as this officially completes a good will hunting trilogy that was never planned . 
green might want to hang onto that ski mask , as robbery may be the only way to pay for his next project . 
i can take infantile humor . . . but this is the sort of infantile that makes you wonder about changing the director and writer's diapers . 
the tale of tok ( andy lau ) , a sleek sociopath on the trail of o ( takashi sorimachi ) , the most legendary of asian hitmen , is too scattershot to take hold . 
directed in a paint-by-numbers manner . 
a cheerful enough but imminently forgettable rip-off of [besson's] earlier work . 
a lackluster , unessential sequel to the classic disney adaptation of j . m . barrie's peter pan . 
 . . . routine , harmless diversion and little else . 
late marriage's stiffness is unlikely to demonstrate the emotional clout to sweep u . s . viewers off their feet . 
this time mr . burns is trying something in the martin scorsese street-realist mode , but his self-regarding sentimentality trips him up again . 
it's hampered by a lifetime-channel kind of plot and a lead actress who is out of her depth . 
let's hope -- shall we ? -- that the 'true story' by which all the queen's men is allegedly " inspired " was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what's been cobbled together onscreen . 
if you've ever entertained the notion of doing what the title of this film implies , what sex with strangers actually shows may put you off the idea forever . 
adults will wish the movie were less simplistic , obvious , clumsily plotted and shallowly characterized . but what are adults doing in the theater at all ? 
sticky sweet sentimentality , clumsy plotting and a rosily myopic view of life in the wwii-era mississippi delta undermine this adaptation . 
the overall effect is less like a children's movie than a recruitment film for future hollywood sellouts . 
portentous and pretentious , the weight of water is appropriately titled , given the heavy-handedness of it drama . 
a fitfully amusing romp that , if nothing else , will appeal to fans of malcolm in the middle and its pubescent star , frankie muniz . 
to say this was done better in wilder's some like it hot is like saying the sun rises in the east . 
as 'chick flicks' go , this one is pretty miserable , resorting to string-pulling rather than legitimate character development and intelligent plotting . 
the only excitement comes when the credits finally roll and you get to leave the theater . 
there's no emotional pulse to solaris . with an emotional sterility to match its outer space setting , soderbergh's spectacular swing for the fence yields only a spectacular whiff . 
it can't decide if it wants to be a mystery/thriller , a romance or a comedy . 
the character of zigzag is not sufficiently developed to support a film constructed around him . 
one of those pictures whose promising , if rather precious , premise is undercut by amateurish execution . 
serving sara doesn't serve up a whole lot of laughs . 
with virtually no interesting elements for an audience to focus on , chelsea walls is a triple-espresso endurance challenge . 
a misogynistic piece of filth that attempts to pass itself off as hip , young adult entertainment . 
it's basically an overlong episode of tales from the crypt . 
the film makes a fatal mistake : it asks us to care about a young man whose only apparent virtue is that he is not quite as unpleasant as some of the people in his life . 
shaky close-ups of turkey-on-rolls , stubbly chins , liver spots , red noses and the filmmakers new bobbed do draw easy chuckles but lead nowhere . 
i can't quite recommend it -- it's too patched together -- but i almost can ; it's the kind of movie that makes you want to like it . 
complete lack of originality , cleverness or even visible effort
though perry and hurley make inspiring efforts to breathe life into the disjointed , haphazard script by jay scherick and david ronn , neither the actors nor director reginald hudlin can make it more than fitfully entertaining . 
it takes talent to make a lifeless movie about the most heinous man who ever lived . 
on the whole , the movie lacks wit , feeling and believability to compensate for its incessant coarseness and banality . 
the story and the friendship proceeds in such a way that you're watching a soap opera rather than a chronicle of the ups and downs that accompany lifelong friendships . 
offers very little genuine romance and even fewer laughs . . . a sad sitcom of a movie , largely devoid of charm . 
makes for a pretty unpleasant viewing experience . 
although huppert's intensity and focus has a raw exhilaration about it , the piano teacher is anything but fun . 
it showcases carvey's talent for voices , but not nearly enough and not without taxing every drop of one's patience to get to the good stuff . 
if looking for a thrilling sci-fi cinematic ride , don't settle for this imposter . 
not really bad so much as distasteful : we need kidnapping suspense dramas right now like we need doomsday thrillers . 
davis . . . is so enamored of her own creation that she can't see how insufferable the character is . 
the man from elysian fields is a cold , bliss-less work that groans along thinking itself some important comment on how life throws us some beguiling curves . 
the messages of compassion and mercy are clearly , squarely and specifically expounded via computer animated old testament tale of jonah and the whale . determined to be fun , and bouncy , with energetic musicals , the humor didn't quite engage this adult . 
historical dramas fused with love triangle is a well worn conceit . but this films lacks the passion required to sell the material . 
nothing more substantial than a fitfully clever doodle . 
a solid film . . . but more conscientious than it is truly stirring . 
there's not enough here to justify the almost two hours . 
the x potion gives the quickly named blossom , bubbles and buttercup supernatural powers that include extraordinary strength and laser-beam eyes , which unfortunately don't enable them to discern flimsy screenplays . 
perceptive in its vision of nascent industrialized world politics as a new art form , but far too clunky , didactic and saddled with scenes that seem simply an ill fit for this movie . 
mcconaughey's fun to watch , the dragons are okay , not much fire in the script . 
an unwise amalgam of broadcast news and vibes . 
skins has a right to yawp , and we have a right to our grains of salt . 
who needs love like this ? 
hit and miss as far as the comedy goes and a big ole' miss in the way of story . 
returning aggressively to his formula of dimwitted comedy and even dimmer characters , sandler , who also executive produces , has made a film that makes previous vehicles look smart and sassy . 
exists then as an occasionally insightful acting exercise . 
it's not original , and , robbed of the element of surprise , it doesn't have any huge laughs in its story of irresponsible cops who love to play pranks . 
whenever its story isn't bogged down by idiocy involving the cia and a lost u . s . satellite , hunter -- starring irwin and his american wife/colleague , terri -- is a movie children should enjoy . 
it offers little beyond the momentary joys of pretty and weightless intellectual entertainment . 
nothing in waking up in reno ever inspired me to think of its inhabitants as anything more than markers in a screenplay . 
i'm just too bored to care . 
irwin is a man with enough charisma and audacity to carry a dozen films , but this particular result is ultimately held back from being something greater . 
not a stereotype is omitted nor a cliché left unsaid . 
attempts by this ensemble film to impart a message are so heavy-handed that they instead pummel the audience . 
scorsese doesn't give us a character worth giving a damn about . 
a beautifully made piece of unwatchable drivel . 
even film silliness needs a little gravity , beyond good hair and humping . 
i felt sad for lise not so much because of what happens as because she was captured by this movie when she obviously belongs in something lighter and sunnier , by rohmer , for example . 
prurient playthings aside , there's little to love about this english trifle . 
the film flat lines when it should peak and is more missed opportunity and trifle than dark , decadent truffle . 
it's played in the most straight-faced fashion , with little humor to lighten things up . the heavy-handed film is almost laughable as a consequence . 
a disappointment for those who love alternate versions of the bard , particularly ones that involve deep fryers and hamburgers . 
the film tries too hard to be funny and tries too hard to be hip . the end result is a film that's neither . 
every nanosecond of the the new guy reminds you that you could be doing something else far more pleasurable . something like scrubbing the toilet . or emptying rat traps . or doing last year's taxes with your ex-wife . 
scooby dooby doo / and shaggy too / you both look and sound great . / but daphne , you're too buff / fred thinks he's tough / and velma - wow , you've lost weight ! 
there's enough melodrama in this magnolia primavera to make pta proud yet director muccino's characters are less worthy of puccini than they are of daytime television . 
however it may please those who love movies that blare with pop songs , young science fiction fans will stomp away in disgust . 
comes off like a rejected abc afterschool special , freshened up by the dunce of a screenwriting 101 class . . . . designed to provide a mix of smiles and tears , " crossroads " instead provokes a handful of unintentional howlers and numerous yawns . 
it seems to me the film is about the art of ripping people off without ever letting them consciously know you have done so
it's just disappointingly superficial -- a movie that has all the elements necessary to be a fascinating , involving character study , but never does more than scratch the surface . 
sometimes it feels as if it might have been made in the '70s or '80s , and starred chevy chase and goldie hawn . 
demands too much of most viewers . 
the ring just left me cold and wet like i was out in the seattle drizzle without rainwear . 
for anyone who grew up on disney's 1950 treasure island , or remembers the 1934 victor fleming classic , this one feels like an impostor . 
meandering , sub-aquatic mess : it's so bad it's good , but only if you slide in on a freebie . 
the ending is a cop-out . what happens to john q ? i don't have an i am sam clue . 
has the feel of an unedited personal journal . 
remember when bond had more glamour than clamor ? no more . 
this charmless nonsense ensues amid clanging film references that make jay and silent bob's excellent adventure seem understated . 
it doesn't quite deserve the gong , but there are more fascinating acts than " confessions of a dangerous mind . " 
the subject of swinging still seems ripe for a documentary -- just not this one . 
unlike his directorial efforts , la femme nikita and the professional , the transporter lacks besson's perspective as a storyteller . 
lacks depth . 
under-rehearsed and lifeless
the film takes too long getting to the good stuff , then takes too long figuring out what to do next . 
you can practically smell the patchouli oil . 
to say analyze that is de niro's best film since meet the parents sums up the sad state of his recent career . 
this film was made to get laughs from the slowest person in the audience -- just pure slapstick with lots of inane , inoffensive screaming and exaggerated facial expressions . 
consists of a plot and jokes done too often by people far more talented than ali g
another week , another gross-out college comedy--ugh . 
moderately involving despite bargain-basement photography and hackneyed romance . 
tadpole is emblematic of the witless ageism afflicting films : young is cool , and too young is too cool . 
all's well that ends well , and rest assured , the consciousness-raising lessons are cloaked in gross-out gags . 
stars matthew perry and elizabeth hurley illicit more than a chuckle , and more jokes land than crash , but ultimately serving sara doesn't distinguish itself from the herd . 
it's best to avoid imprisonment with the dull , nerdy folks that inhabit cherish . 
culkin exudes none of the charm or charisma that might keep a more general audience even vaguely interested in his bratty character . 
 . . . ( like ) channel surfing between the discovery channel and a late-night made-for-cable action movie . 
soul is what's lacking in every character in this movie and , subsequently , the movie itself . 
the production values are up there . the use of cgi and digital ink-and-paint make the thing look really slick . the voices are fine as well . the problem , it is with most of these things , is the script . 
it's got its heart in the right place , but it also wilts after awhile . 
proves that a movie about goodness is not the same thing as a good movie . 
well , it does go on forever . 
topkapi this is not . 
equal parts bodice-ripper and plodding costume drama . 
i'm not suggesting that you actually see it , unless you're the kind of person who has seen every wim wenders film of the '70s . 
while the film misfires at every level , the biggest downside is the paucity of laughter in what's supposed to be a comedy . 
if you liked the 1982 film then , you'll still like it now . 
a 93-minute condensation of a 26-episode tv series , with all of the pitfalls of such you'd expect . 
guillen rarely gets beneath the surface of things . she lists ingredients , but never mixes and stirs . 
i would have preferred a transfer down the hall to mr . holland's class for the music , or to robin williams's lecture so i could listen to a teacher with humor , passion , and verve . 
for the most part , the ingredients are there . but an unwillingness to explore beyond the surfaces of her characters prevents nettelbeck's film from coming together . 
an earnest , heartrending look at the divide between religious fundamentalists and their gay relatives . it's also heavy-handed and devotes too much time to bigoted views . 
a mawkish , implausible platonic romance that makes chaplin's city lights seem dispassionate by comparison . 
yes , one enjoys seeing joan grow from awkward young woman to strong , determined monarch , but her love for the philandering philip only diminishes her stature . 
this is a throwaway , junk-food movie whose rap soundtrack was better tended to than the film itself . 
 . . . with the candy-like taste of it fading faster than 25-cent bubble gum , i realized this is a throwaway movie that won't stand the test of time . it's a trifle . 
literally nothing in the pool is new , but if you grew up on the stalker flicks of the 1980's this one should appease you for 90 minutes . 
anyway , for one reason or another , crush turns into a dire drama partway through . after that , it just gets stupid and maudlin . too bad , but thanks to some lovely comedic moments and several fine performances , it's not a total loss . 
chao was chen kaige's assistant for years in china . he has not learnt that storytelling is what the movies are about . 
a mixed bag of a comedy that can't really be described as out of this world . 
unwieldy contraption . 
so what is the point ? lovingly choreographed bloodshed taking place in a pristine movie neverland , basically . 
this is junk food cinema at its greasiest . 
when it's all wet , blue crush is highly enjoyable . when it's on dry land , though , this surfer-girl melodrama starts gasping like a beached grouper . 
most new movies have a bright sheen . some , like ballistic , arrive stillborn . . . looking like the beaten , well-worn video box cover of seven years into the future . 
the story is naturally poignant , but first-time screenwriter paul pender overloads it with sugary bits of business . 
you see robert de niro singing - and dancing to - west side story show tunes . choose your reaction : a . ) that sure is funny ! b . ) that sure is pathetic ! 
before long , the film starts playing like general hospital crossed with a saturday night live spoof of dog day afternoon . 
the charms of willful eccentricity , at least as evidenced by this latest cinematic essay , are beginning to wear a bit thin . 
instead of accurately accounting a terrible true story , the film's more determined to become the next texas chainsaw massacre . but what about the countless other people who'd merely like to watch a solid tale about a universally interesting soul ? 
a silly , self-indulgent film about a silly , self-indulgent filmmaker . 
scarlet diva has a voyeuristic tug , but all in all it's a lot less sensational than it wants to be . 
flashy , pretentious and as impenetrable as morvern's thick , working-class scottish accent . 
 . . . instead go rent " shakes the clown " , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance . 
it's the kind of movie that ends up festooning u . s . art house screens for no reason other than the fact that it's in french ( well , mostly ) with english subtitles and is magically 'significant' because of that . 
expect to be reminded of other , better films , especially seven , which director william malone slavishly copies . 
nair stuffs the film with dancing , henna , ornamentation , and group song , but her narrative clichés and telegraphed episodes smell of old soap opera . 
every good actor needs to do his or her own hamlet . for benigni it wasn't shakespeare whom he wanted to define his career with but pinocchio . it might as well have been problem child iv . 
the lack of opposing viewpoints soon grows tiresome -- the film feels more like a series of toasts at a testimonial dinner than a documentary . 
we are left with a superficial snapshot that , however engaging , is insufficiently enlightening and inviting . 
it wouldn't be my preferred way of spending 100 minutes or $7 . 00 . 
obvious politics and rudimentary animation reduce the chances that the appeal of hey arnold ! the movie will reach far beyond its core demographic . 
a simple , sometimes maddeningly slow film that has just enough charm and good acting to make it interesting , but is ultimately pulled under by the pacing and lack of creativity within . 
roger michell , who did an appealing job directing persuasion and notting hill in england , gets too artsy in his american debut . 
anthony hopkins ? big deal ! we've already seen the prequel to the silence of the lambs and hannibal -- and it was better the first time . 
if this is an example of the type of project that robert redford's lab is willing to lend its imprimatur to , then perhaps it's time to rethink independent films . 
pumpkin sits in a patch somewhere between mirthless todd solondzian satire and callow student film . 
a cumbersome and cliche-ridden movie greased with every emotional device known to man . 
director ferzan ozpetek creates an interesting dynamic with the members of this group , who live in the same apartment building . but he loses his focus when he concentrates on any single person . 
egoyan's movie is too complicated to sustain involvement , and , if you'll excuse a little critical heresy , too intellectually ambitious . 
it wants to be thought of as a subversive little indie film , but it has all the qualities of a modern situation comedy . 
despite apparent motives to the contrary , it ends up being , like [seinfeld's] revered tv show , about pretty much nothing . 
shadyac shoots his film like an m . night shyamalan movie , and he frequently maintains the same snail's pace ; he just forgot to add any genuine tension . 
plays less like a coming-of-age romance than an infomercial . 
there are a few laughs and clever sight gags scattered about , but not enough to make this anything more than another big-budget bust . 
despite her relentless vim and winsome facial symmetry , witherspoon is just too dialed-up to be america's sweetheart . 
an ultra-low-budget indie debut that smacks more of good intentions than talent . 
birot is a competent enough filmmaker , but her story has nothing fresh or very exciting about it . 
de niro and mcdormand give solid performances , but their screen time is sabotaged by the story's inability to create interest . 
even those of a single digit age will be able to recognize that this story is too goofy . . . even for disney . 
the story is familiar from its many predecessors ; like them , it eventually culminates in the not-exactly -stunning insight that crime doesn't pay . 
you'll have more fun setting fire to yourself in the parking lot . you'll be more entertained getting hit by a bus . 
dissing a bond movie is quite like calling a dog stupid , but when it has the temerity to run over two hours , you feel like winding up with a kick . 
ritchie's treatment of the class reversal is majorly ham-fisted , from the repetitive manifestos that keep getting thrown in people's faces to the fact amber is such a joke . 
flat , but with a revelatory performance by michelle williams . 
the film goes from being an unusual sci-fi character study to a chase flick that detracts from its ending . 
verbinski substitutes atmosphere for action , tedium for thrills . 
the sum of all fears is almost impossible to follow -- and there's something cringe-inducing about seeing an american football stadium nuked as pop entertainment . 
alex nohe's documentary plays like a travelogue for what mostly resembles a real-life , big-budget nc-17 version of tank girl . 
the title trapped turns out to be a pretty fair description of how you feel while you're watching this ultra-manipulative thriller . 
ihops don't pile on this much syrup . 
for the most part , i spy was an amusing lark that will probably rank as one of murphy's better performances in one of his lesser-praised movies . 
the filmmakers juggle and juxtapose three story lines but fail to come up with one cogent point , unless it's that life stinks , especially for sensitive married women who really love other women . 
the movie feels like it's going to be great , and it carries on feeling that way for a long time , but takeoff just never happens . 
 . . . the last time i saw a theater full of people constantly checking their watches was during my sats . 
 . . . lacks the punch and verve needed to make this genre soar . 
it's tough , astringent , darkly funny and . . . well , it's also generic , untidy , condescending and mild of impact rather than stunning . 
largely a for-fans artifact . 
characters wander into predictably treacherous situations even though they should know better . 
there's plenty of style in guillermo del toro's sequel to the 1998 hit but why do we need 117 minutes to tell a tale that simply can't sustain more than 90 minutes . 
[i]f you've been to more than one indie flick in your life , chances are you've already seen this kind of thing . 
a strong first quarter , slightly less so second quarter , and average second half . 
the vampire thriller blade ii starts off as a wild hoot and then sucks the blood out of its fun – toward the end , you can feel your veins cringing from the workout . 
when the first few villians are introduced as " spider " and " snake " you know you're in for a real winner , creativity at its peak . 
an afterschool special without the courage of its convictions . 
the final result makes for adequate entertainment , i suppose , but anyone who has seen chicago on stage will leave the theater feeling they've watched nothing but a pale imitation of the real deal . 
[director] byler may yet have a great movie in him , but charlotte sometimes is only half of one . 
it's also clear from the start that the transporter is running purely on adrenaline , and once the initial high wears off , the film's shortcomings start to shine through . 
watching it is rather like viewing a long soap opera in which only the first episode was any good . 
there are touching moments in etoiles , but for the most part this is a dull , dour documentary on what ought to be a joyful or at least fascinating subject . 
overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper . 
could the whole plan here have been to produce something that makes fatal attraction look like a classic by comparison ? that's the only sane rationale i can think of for swimfan's existence . 
i didn't laugh at the ongoing efforts of cube , and his skinny buddy mike epps , to make like laurel and hardy 'n the hood . 
i wonder what the reaction of israelis will be to this supposedly evenhanded presentation . 
the film would work much better as a video installation in a museum , where viewers would be free to leave . immediately . 
[it's] a prison soccer movie starring charismatic tough guy vinnie jones , but it had too much spitting for me to enjoy . 
not even the hanson brothers can save it
feels like one of those contrived , only-in -hollywood productions where name actors deliver big performances created for the sole purpose of generating oscar talk . 
it tells more than it shows . 
earnest falls short of its ideal predecessor largely due to parker's ill-advised meddling with the timeless source material . 
the film might have been more satisfying if it had , in fact , been fleshed out a little more instead of going for easy smiles . 
pretentious editing ruins a potentially terrific flick . 
not every animated film from disney will become a classic , but forgive me if i've come to expect more from this studio than some 79-minute after-school " cartoon " . 
much-anticipated and ultimately lackluster movie . 
this is really just another genre picture . 
each story on its own could have been expanded and worked into a compelling single feature , but in its current incarnation , storytelling never quite gets over its rather lopsided conception . 
william shatner , as a pompous professor , is the sole bright spot . . . 
a trite psychological thriller designed to keep the audience guessing and guessing -- which is not to be confused with suspecting -- until it comes time to wrap things up and send the viewers home . 
'carente de imaginación , mal dirigida , peor actuada y sin un ápice de romance , es una verdadera pérdida de tiempo y dinero'
both stars manage to be funny , but , like the recent i spy , the star chemistry begs the question of whether random gags add up to a movie . 
'enigma' is a good name for a movie this delibrately obtuse and unapproachable . a waste of good performances . 
i kept thinking over and over again , 'i should be enjoying this . ' but i wasn't . 
as conceived by mr . schaeffer , christopher and grace are little more than collections of quirky traits lifted from a screenwriter's outline and thrown at actors charged with the impossible task of making them jell . 
the essential problem in orange county is that , having created an unusually vivid set of characters worthy of its strong cast , the film flounders when it comes to giving them something to do . 
just like hearst's enormous yacht , it's slow and unwieldy and takes a long time to reach its destination . 
there is not a character in the movie with a shred of plausibility , not an event that is believable , not a confrontation that is not staged , not a moment that is not false . 
where last time jokes flowed out of cho's life story , which provided an engrossing dramatic through line , here the comedian hides behind obviously constructed routines . 
 . . . too gory to be a comedy and too silly to be an effective horror film . 
lacks heart , depth and , most of all , purpose . 
though a bit of a patchwork in script and production , a glossy , rich green , environment almost makes the picture work . 
perfectly enjoyable , instantly forgettable , nothing to write home about . 
wasabi is slight fare indeed , with the entire project having the feel of something tossed off quickly ( like one of hubert's punches ) , but it should go down smoothly enough with popcorn . 
this ill-fitting tuxedo is strictly off-the-rack . 
is " ballistic " worth the price of admission ? absolutely not . it sucked . would i see it again ? please see previous answer . 
kidman is really the only thing that's worth watching in birthday girl , a film by the stage-trained jez butterworth ( mojo ) that serves as yet another example of the sad decline of british comedies in the post-full monty world . 
imagine the james woods character from videodrome making a home movie of audrey rose and showing it to the kid from the sixth sense and you've imagined the ring . 
an intermittently pleasing but mostly routine effort . 
taken individually or collectively , the stories never add up to as much as they promise . 
if you're not a prepubescent girl , you'll be laughing at britney spears' movie-starring debut whenever it doesn't have you impatiently squinting at your watch . 
a didactic and dull documentary glorifying software anarchy . 
sluggishly directed by episodic tv veteran joe zwick , it's a sitcom without the snap-crackle . 
you could nap for an hour and not miss a thing . 
director clare kilner's debut is never as daft as it should have been . 
new best friend shouldn't have gone straight to video ; it should have gone straight to a mystery science theater 3000 video . 
the thrill is ( long ) gone . 
just plain silly . 
dull , if not devoid of wit , this shaggy dog longs to frisk through the back alleys of history , but scarcely manages more than a modest , snoozy charm . 
scene-by-scene , things happen , but you'd be hard-pressed to say what or why . 
it is , by conventional standards , a fairly terrible movie . . . but it is also weirdly fascinating , a ready-made eurotrash cult object . it is also , at times , curiously moving . 
for all its highfalutin title and corkscrew narrative , the movie turns out to be not much more than a shaggy human tale . 
one groan-inducing familiarity begets another . 
feeble comedy . 
great story , bad idea for a movie . 
with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams writer/director/producer robert rodriguez has cobbled together a film that feels like a sugar high gone awry . 
 " my god , i'm behaving like an idiot ! " yes , you are , ben kingsley . 
an earnest racial-issues picture that might have gotten respectful critical praise in a different era -- say , the '60s . 
a hideous , confusing spectacle , one that may well put the nail in the coffin of any future rice adaptations . 
all i can say is fuhgeddaboutit . 
between bedroom scenes , viewers may find themselves wishing they could roll over and take a nap . 
if you collected all the moments of coherent dialogue , they still wouldn't add up to the time required to boil a four- minute egg . 
despite all the talking , by the time the bloody climax arrives we still don't feel enough of an attachment to these guys to care one way or another . 
a sensual performance from abbass buoys the flimsy story , but her inner journey is largely unexplored and we're left wondering about this exotic-looking woman whose emotional depths are only hinted at . 
never engaging , utterly predictable and completely void of anything remotely interesting or suspenseful . 
oedekerk wrote patch adams , for which he should not be forgiven . why he was given free reign over this project -- he wrote , directed , starred and produced -- is beyond me . 
scotland , pa . blurs the line between black comedy and black hole . 
with recent tensions rekindled by the kathleen soliah trial and the upcoming trial of sla members emily and william harris , not to mention sept . 11 , its difficult these days to appreciate fire's bright side . 
flaunts its quirky excesses like a new year's eve drunk sporting a paper party hat . 
writhing under dialogue like 'you're from two different worlds' and 'tonight the maid is a lie and this , this is who you are , ' this schlock-filled fairy tale hits new depths of unoriginality and predictability . 
is there enough material to merit a documentary on the making of wilco's last album ? 
faultlessly professional but finally slight . 
when perry fists a bull at the moore farm , it's only a matter of time before he gets the upper hand in matters of the heart . 
the cartoon is about as true to the spirit of the festival of lights as mr . deeds was to that of frank capra . 
if we don't demand a standard of quality for the art that we choose , we deserve the trash that we get . 
julia is played with exasperating blandness by laura regan . 
morrissette's script and direction show a fair amount of intelligence and wit -- but it doesn't signify a whole lot either . 
all ms . jovovich , as the sanctified heroine , has to do is look radiant , grimly purposeful and mildly alarmed while forcing open doors , wielding wrenches and fleeing monsters . 
this is a particularly toxic little bonbon , palatable to only a chosen and very jaundiced few . 
better at putting you to sleep than a sound machine . 
it's a decent glimpse into a time period , and an outcast , that is no longer accessible , but it doesn't necessarily shed more light on its subject than the popular predecessor . 
it might be the first sci-fi comedy that could benefit from a three's company-style laugh track . 
credibility sinks into a mire of sentiment . 
the movie takes itself too seriously and , as a result , it makes for only intermittent fun . 
[davis] has a bright , chipper style that keeps things moving , while never quite managing to connect her wish-fulfilling characters to the human race . 
doesn't amount to much of anything . 
the truth is that the truth about charlie gets increasingly tiresome . 
some of seagal's action pictures are guilty pleasures , but this one is so formulaic that it seems to be on auto-pilot . 
a ponderous meditation on love that feels significantly longer than its relatively scant 97 minutes . 
a long-winded and stagy session of romantic contrivances that never really gels like the shrewd feminist fairy tale it could have been . 
a little too pat for its own good . 
watching trouble every day , at least if you don't know what's coming , is like biting into what looks like a juicy , delicious plum on a hot summer day and coming away with your mouth full of rotten pulp and living worms . 
well-intentioned though it may be , its soap-opera morality tales have the antiseptic , preprogrammed feel of an after-school special . 
what would jesus do if he was a film director ? he'd create a movie better than this . 
when a set of pre-shooting guidelines a director came up with for his actors turns out to be cleverer , better written and of considerable more interest than the finished film , that's a bad sign . a very bad sign . 
it's a deeply serious movie that cares passionately about its subject , but too often becomes ponderous in its teaching of history , or lost in the intricate connections and multiple timelines of its story . 
can't kick about the assembled talent and the russos show genuine promise as comic filmmakers . still , this thing feels flimsy and ephemeral . 
diane lane shines in unfaithful . almost everything else is wan . 
i'm afraid you won't get through this frankly fantastical by-the-numbers b-flick with just a suspension of disbelief . rather , you'll have to wrestle disbelief to the ground and then apply the chloroform-soaked handkerchief . 
so relentlessly wholesome it made me want to swipe something . 
the title helpfully offers the most succinct review of it you'll read anywhere . 
the makers of divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood should offer a free ticket ( second prize , of course , two free tickets ) to anyone who can locate a genuinely honest moment in their movie . 
undercover brother doesn't go far enough . it's just a silly black genre spoof . 
the film's implicit premise is that the faith of the tonga people is in every way inferior to that of john . 
you've already seen heartbreak if you've watched the far superior nurse betty or sunset boulevard . even the unwatchable soapdish is more original . 
plays like one of those conversations that comic book guy on " the simpsons " has . 
a journey that's too random and inconclusive to be compelling , but which hoffman's brilliance almost makes worth taking . 
the movie bounces all over the map . 
but buying into sham truths and routine " indie " filmmaking , freundlich has made just another safe movie . it's not horrible , just horribly mediocre . 
 " juwanna mann ? " no thanks . wewannour money back , actually . 
it's a sometimes interesting remake that doesn't compare to the brilliant original . 
you're too conscious of the effort it takes to be this spontaneous . 
 . . . salaciously simplistic . 
sometimes , fond memories should stay in the past : a lesson this film teaches all too well . 
shallow . 
begins as a promising meditation on one of america's most durable obsessions but winds up as a slender cinematic stunt . 
a monster combat thriller as impersonal in its relentlessness as the videogame series that inspired it . 
proof that a thriller can be sleekly shot , expertly cast , paced with crisp professionalism . . . and still be a letdown if its twists and turns hold no more surprise than yesterday's weather report . 
there's not much going on in this movie unless you simply decide to buy into the notion that something inexplicably strange once happened in point pleasant . 
in the second half of the film , frei's control loosens in direct proportion to the amount of screen time he gives nachtwey for self-analysis . 
director barry skolnick and his screenwriters glibly tick off every point of " the longest yard " playbook like a checklist . 
the furious coherence that [deniro] brings to this part only underscores the fuzzy sentimentality of the movie itself , which feels , as it plods toward the end , less like a movie than like the filmed reading of a script in need of polishing . 
we never really feel involved with the story , as all of its ideas remain just that : abstract ideas . 
for a shoot-'em-up , ballistic is oddly lifeless . 
what happened with pluto nash ? how did it ever get made ? 
opens as promising as any war/adventure film you'll ever see and dissolves into a routine courtroom drama , better suited for a movie titled " glory : a soldier's story . " 
these spiders can outrun a motorcycle and wrap a person in a sticky cocoon in seconds , but they fall short of being interesting or entertaining . 
a less-than-thrilling thriller . 
a long slog for anyone but the most committed pokemon fan . 
how on earth , or anywhere else , did director ron underwood manage to blow $100 million on this ? 
everyone connected to this movie seems to be part of an insider clique , which tends to breed formulaic films rather than fresh ones . 
with a story inspired by the tumultuous surroundings of los angeles , where feelings of marginalization loom for every dreamer with a burst bubble , the dogwalker has a few characters and ideas , but it never manages to put them on the same path . 
a benign but forgettable sci-fi diversion . 
borrows from so many literary and cinematic sources that this future world feels absolutely deja vu . 
the acting by the over-25s lacks spark , with csokas particularly unconnected . 
falters when it takes itself too seriously and when it depends too heavily on its otherwise talented cast to clown in situations that aren't funny . 
the fight scenes are fun , but it grows tedious . 
anyone who can count to five ( the film's target market ? ) can see where this dumbed-down concoction is going . 
all this turns out to be neither funny nor provocative - only dull . 
this idea has lost its originality . . . and neither star appears very excited at rehashing what was basically a one-joke picture . 
[plays] in broad outline as pandering middle-age buddy-comedy . 
nothing more than a mediocre trifle . 
trivial where it should be profound , and hyper-cliched where it should be sincere . 
it would be hard to think of a recent movie that has worked this hard to achieve this little fun . 
theology aside , why put someone who ultimately doesn't learn at the center of a kids' story ? 
all that ( powerpuff girls ) charm is present in the movie , but it's spread too thin . 
sometimes smart but more often sophomoric . 
the ill-conceived modern-day ending falls flat where it should deliver a moral punch . 
its save-the-planet message clashes with its crass marketing . 
a great idea becomes a not-great movie . 
 . . . watching this film nearly provoked me to take my own life . and if the hours wins 'best picture' i just might . 
feels like six different movies fighting each other for attention . 
life is a crock -- or something like it . 
given that both movies expect us to root for convicted violent felons over those assigned to protect us from same , we need every bit of sympathy the cons can muster ; this time , there isn't much . 
despite the premise of a good story . . . it wastes all its star power on cliched or meaningless roles . 
all prints of this film should be sent to and buried on pluto . 
first good , then bothersome . excellent acting and direction . 
this goofy gangster yarn never really elevates itself from being yet another earnestly generic crime-busting comic vehicle -- a well-intentioned remake that shows some spunk and promise but fails to register as anything distinctive or daring
so routine , familiar and predictable , it raises the possibility that it wrote itself as a newly automated final draft computer program . 
sunshine state lacks the kind of dynamic that limbo offers , and in some ways is a rather indulgent piece . 
even legends like alfred hitchcock and john huston occasionally directed trifles . . . so it's no surprise to see a world-class filmmaker like zhang yimou behind the camera for a yarn that's ultimately rather inconsequential . 
a long-winded , predictable scenario . 
 . . . silly humbuggery . . . 
although trying to balance self-referential humor and a normal ol' slasher plot seemed like a decent endeavor , the result doesn't fully satisfy either the die-hard jason fans or those who can take a good joke . 
too clunky and too busy ribbing itself to be truly entertaining . 
this movie is about lying , cheating , but loving the friends you betray . 
it smacks of purely commercial motivation , with no great love for the original . 
at the bottom rung of the series' entries . 
a real clunker . a well-made , thoughtful , well-acted clunker , but a clunker nonetheless . 
good for a few unintentional laughs , " extreme ops " was obviously made for the " xxx " crowd , people who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent acting , writing , and direction . 
…a big , baggy , sprawling carnival of a movie , stretching out before us with little rhyme or reason . 
lawrence preaches strictly to the converted . 
will probably stay in the shadow of its two older , more accessible qatsi siblings . 
just when the movie seems confident enough to handle subtlety , it dives into soapy bathos . 
choppy editing and too many repetitive scenes spoil what could have been an important documentary about stand-up comedy . 
the only thing in pauline and paulette that you haven't seen before is a scene featuring a football field-sized oriental rug crafted out of millions of vibrant flowers . 
if you're looking for comedy to be served up , better look elsewhere . 
it virtually defines a comedy that's strongly mediocre , with funny bits surfacing every once in a while . 
despite its title , amy's orgasm is not a porno , though it is as tedious as one . 
like a tone-deaf singer at a benefit concert , john q . is a bad movie appearing on behalf of a good cause . 
adam sandler is to gary cooper what a gnat is to a racehorse . 
there's a disturbing 'great white hope' undertone to the other side of heaven that subtly undermines its message of christian love and compassion . 
the attempt is courageous , even if the result is wildly uneven . 
there's something fundamental missing from this story : something or someone to care about . 
too much of this well-acted but dangerously slow thriller feels like a preamble to a bigger , more complicated story , one that never materializes . 
when a film is created solely because it's a marketable product , soulless and ugly movies like this are the result . let your silly childhood nostalgia slumber unmolested . 
unfortunately , heartbreak hospital wants to convey the same kind of haughtiness in its own sketchy material but this territory has already been explored previously with better aplomb and sardonic wit . 
the latest installment in the pokemon canon , pokemon 4ever is surprising less moldy and trite than the last two , likely because much of the japanese anime is set in a scenic forest where pokemon graze in peace . 
the backyard battles you staged with your green plastic army men were more exciting and almost certainly made more sense . 
what is captured during the conceptual process doesn't add up to a sufficient explanation of what the final dance work , the selection , became in its final form . 
if this is satire , it's the smug and self-congratulatory kind that lets the audience completely off the hook . 
had the film boasted a clearer , more memorable , the creepiness would have gotten under the skin . 
these people wouldn't know subtle characterization if it put on a giant furry monster costume and then gave them a lapdance . 
it doesn't quite work , but there's enough here to make us look forward to the russos' next offering . 
about as satisfying and predictable as the fare at your local drive through . 
apparently kissing leads to suicide attempts and tragic deaths . marisa tomei is good , but just a kiss is just a mess . 
the noble tradition of men in drag hits an all-time low in sorority boys , whose makers apparently believe that women's clothing can cover up any deficiency in acting , writing or direction . 
to portray modern women the way director davis has done is just unthinkable . 
too simple for its own good . 
flaccid drama and exasperatingly slow journey . 
the screenplay sabotages the movie's strengths at almost every juncture . all the characters are stereotypes , and their interaction is numbingly predictable . 
shouldn't have been allowed to use the word " new " in its title , because there's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie . 
often silly – and gross – but it's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films . 
it's exactly what you'd expect . 
the performances are so leaden , michael rymer's direction is so bloodless and the dialogue is so corny that the audience laughs out loud . 
reggio's trippy , ambitious downer can also sometimes come across like nothing more than a glorified nike ad . 
as tweedy talks about canning his stockbroker and repairing his pool , you yearn for a few airborne tv sets or nude groupies on the nod to liven things up . 
the best you can say about it is it's so uninspired , it barely gives one pause when considering some of the other dreck out there right now . 
a tough go , but leigh's depth and rigor , and his skill at inspiring accomplished portrayals that are all the more impressive for their lack of showiness , offsets to a notable degree the film's often-mined and despairing milieu . 
an overstuffed compendium of teen-catholic-movie dogma . 
too leisurely paced and visually drab for its own good , it succeeds in being only sporadically amusing . 
ben affleck as jack ryan , tom clancy's intrepid hero ? ridiculous . what's next ? d . j . qualls as indiana jones ? or tom green as han solo ? 
eh . 
this formulaic chiller will do little to boost stallone's career . 
though avary has done his best to make something out of ellis' nothing novel , in the end , his rules is barely worth following . 
the plot is so predictable and sentimental that viewers are likely to lose interest before sandrine and her goats walk off into the sunset . 
at first , the sight of a blind man directing a film is hilarious , but as the film goes on , the joke wears thin . 
never again swings between false sentiment and unfunny madcap comedy and , along the way , expects the audience to invest in the central relationship as some kind of marriage of true minds . 
este é apenas mais um ( longo ) episódio do programa da mtv . a única diferença é que , desta vez , a paramount teve o mau gosto de exibi-lo nos cinemas . 
technically , the film is about as interesting as an insurance commercial . 
the parts are better than the whole ( bizarre , funny , tragic - like love in new york ) . 
while the film shuns the glamour or glitz that an american movie might demand , scherfig tosses us a romantic scenario that is just as simplistic as a hollywood production . 
the humor is hinged on the belief that knees in the crotch , elbows in the face and spit in the eye are inherently funny . 
its characters are thinner than cardboard -- or even comic-book paper . 
any one episode of the sopranos would send this ill-conceived folly to sleep with the fishes . 
feels like the grittiest movie that was ever made for the lifetime cable television network . 
lanie's professional success means she must be a failure at life , because she's driven by ambition and doesn't know how to have fun . 
credit must be given to harland williams , michael rosenbaum and barry watson , who inject far more good-natured spirit and talent into this project than it deserves
denzel washington's efforts are sunk by all the sanctimony . 
if this holiday movie is supposed to be a gift , somebody unwrapped it early , took out all the good stuff , and left behind the crap ( literally ) . 
so faithful to the doldrums of the not-quite-urban , not-quite-suburban milieu as to have viewers recoiling from the reality check . 
there's an audience for it , but it could have been funnier and more innocent . 
the movie has very little to offer besides unintentional laughs . 
haneke keeps us at arm's length . guided more by intellect than heart , his story flattens instead of sharpens . 
all the well-meaningness in the world can't erase the fact that the believer feels like a 12-step program for the jewish nazi . 
like most sequels , it takes what worked last time , repeats it and adds more characters , more stunts , more stuff in attempt to camouflage its sameness . 
heavy-handed exercise in time-vaulting literary pretension . 
the movie is too cute to take itself too seriously , but it still feels like it was made by some very stoned college students . 
a thinly veiled excuse for wilson to play his self-deprecating act against murphy's well-honed prima donna shtick . 
the movie succumbs to being nothing more than a formulaic chase in the dark . 
plays as hollow catharsis , with lots of tears but very little in the way of insights . 
quick : who wants to see a comedy about shoddy airport security ? 
what you get with empire is a movie you've seen many times before , repackaged as new material because there is a latino in the lead . 
cho's fans are sure to be entertained ; it's only fair in the interest of full disclosure to say that -- on the basis of this film alone -- i'm not one of them . 
looks awfully like one long tourist spot for a mississippi that may never have existed outside of a scriptwriter's imagination . 
high crimes miscasts nearly every leading character . 
the overall feel of the film is pretty cheesy , but there's still a real sense that the star trek tradition has been honored as best it can , given the embarrassing script and weak direction . 
another rent installment for the ian fleming estate . 
with danilo donati's witty designs and dante spinotti's luscious cinematography , this might have made a decent children's movie -- if only benigni hadn't insisted on casting himself in the title role . 
though it draws several decent laughs , it's low-cal woody at best . 
if melville is creatively a great whale , this film is canned tuna . 
this film is so slick , superficial and trend-hoppy , that it's easy to imagine that a new software program spit out the screenplay . 
just one more collection of penis , breast and flatulence gags in search of a story . or a profit . or some damn thing . 
the acting is stiff , the story lacks all trace of wit , the sets look like they were borrowed from gilligan's island -- and the cgi scooby might well be the worst special-effects creation of the year . 
the makers have forsaken the entertaining elements of the original and , instead , rehash old jokes and leave any life at the doorstep . i like frank the pug , though . 
a restrained ribisi convinces as an italian , though if ever a movie needed one of the actor's whiny jags to pump it up , this has to be among the rare ones . 
gee , a second assassin shot kennedy ? moot point . 
needless to say , the dramatics that follow are utter hooey . 
madonna still can't act a lick . 
even the imaginative gore can't hide the musty scent of todd farmer's screenplay , which is a simple retread of the 1979 alien , with a plucky heroine battling a monster loose in a spaceship . 
the episodic film makes valid points about the depersonalization of modern life . but the characters tend to be cliches whose lives are never fully explored . 
serry does a fine job of capturing the climate of the times and , perhaps unwittingly , relating it to what is happening in america in 2002 . but hard-to-believe plot twists force the movie off track in its final half hour . 
though the book runs only about 300 pages , it is so densely packed . . . that even an ambitious adaptation and elaborate production like mr . schepisi's seems skimpy and unclear . 
hey , at least the title of this film lets you know exactly where it's heading . 
intended to be a comedy about relationships , this wretched work falls flat in just about every conceivable area . 
sensitive though not quite revelatory documentary . 
suggests puns about ingredients and soup and somebody being off their noodle , but let's just say the ingredients don't quite add up to a meal . 
movies like this are selling the old european candor , the old wink of 'bold' revelation . but in 2002 , such revelations wilt . 
the timing in nearly every scene seems a half beat off . 
i admire it and yet cannot recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time . 
a fairly by-the-books blend of action and romance with sprinklings of intentional and unintentional comedy . 
even if you feel like you've seen this movie a thousand times before , it is kind of enjoyable thanks mainly to belushi's easy-going likableness . 
despite some gulps the film is a fuzzy huggy . 
mckay deflates his piece of puffery with a sour cliche and heavy doses of mean-spiritedness
another big , dumb action movie in the vein of xxx , the transporter is riddled with plot holes big enough for its titular hero to drive his sleek black bmw through . 
aaliyah rarely dampens her diva persona enough to spark genuine chemistry with townsend . when she speaks , her creepy egyptian demigod voice is as computer processed and overproduced as it was in her music . 
outrageousness is all plympton seemed to be going for this time . we miss the quirky amazement that used to come along for an integral part of the ride . 
well before it's over , beijing bicycle begins spinning its wheels . 
[nelson's] movie about morally compromised figures leaves viewers feeling compromised , unable to find their way out of the fog and the ashes . 
looks like a high school film project completed the day before it was due . 
abandons all pretense of creating historical context and waltzes off into a hectic soap about the ups and downs of the heavy breathing between the two artists . 
even die-hard fans of japanese animation . . . will find this one a challenge . 
the movie gets muted and routine . 
the issue of faith is not explored very deeply
it's a bad sign when you're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest . 
it's frustrating to see these guys -- who are obviously pretty clever -- waste their talent on parodies of things they probably thought were funniest when they were high . 
k-19 may not hold a lot of water as a submarine epic , but it holds even less when it turns into an elegiacally soggy saving private ryanovich . 
automatically pegs itself for the straight-to-video sci-fi rental shelf . 
black-and-white and unrealistic . 
the film is like a series of beginnings and middles that never take off . 
feels less like it's about teenagers , than it was written by teenagers . 
ja rule and kurupt should have gotten to rap . it would have benefitted the dialogue . 
 in the end , white oleander isn't an adaptation of a novel . it's a flashy , star-splashed reduction . 
the angst-ridden , affluent slacker characters are more grating than engaging . 
men in black ii has sequel-itis something fierce . an ungainly , comedy-deficient , b-movie rush job . . . 
instead of kicking off the intrigue and suspense and mystery of the whole thing , hart's war , like the st . louis rams in the super bowl , waits until after halftime to get started . 
two-bit potboiler . 
a gob of drivel so sickly sweet , even the eager consumers of moore's pasteurized ditties will retch it up like rancid crème brûlée . 
never quite transcends jokester status . . . and the punchline doesn't live up to barry's dead-eyed , perfectly chilled delivery . 
the film's bathos often overwhelms what could have been a more multifaceted look at this interesting time and place . 
it almost plays like solaris , but with guns and jokes . 
it won't be long before you'll spy i spy at a video store near you . 
this film looks like it was produced in 1954 , shelved for 48 years , and repackaged for a 2002 audience . 
propelled not by characters but by caricatures . 
there is not an ounce of honesty in the entire production . 
this extremely unfunny film clocks in at 80 minutes , but feels twice as long . 
a predictable and stereotypical little b-movie . 
if i spy were funny ( enough ) or exciting ( enough ) then it would be fairly simple to forgive the financial extortion it's trying to reap from the moviegoing public . 
places a slightly believable love triangle in a difficult-to-swallow setting , and then disappointingly moves the story into the realm of an improbable thriller . 
stephen earnhart's documentary is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition – wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text – when it's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type . 
a very average science fiction film . 
undone by its overly complicated and derivative screenplay , the glacier-paced direction and the stereotypical characters . 
how anyone over the age of 2 can stomach the touchy-feely message this preachy produce promotes is beyond us . 
the cold and dreary weather is a perfect metaphor for the movie itself , which contains few laughs and not much drama . 
ordinary melodrama that is heavy on religious symbols but wafer-thin on dramatic substance
a whimsical if predictable time-travel fable marred by a willful single-mindedness . 
those who managed to avoid the deconstructionist theorizing of french philosopher jacques derrida in college can now take an 85-minute brush-up course with the documentary derrida . or , you can do something fun tonight . 
jolie's performance vanishes somewhere between her hair and her lips . 
as with too many studio pics , plot mechanics get in the way of what should be the lighter-than-air adventure . 
for all of the contemporary post-colonialist consciousness that kapur tries to bring to the four feathers , the oddest thing about the movie is how it winds up affirming the same damn moldy values the material has always held dear . 
un thriller manqué qui tombe sur les nerfs presque dès la première image . 
when it comes to entertainment , children deserve better than pokemon 4ever . 
what the four feathers lacks is genuine sweep or feeling or even a character worth caring about . 
while benigni ( who stars and co-wrote ) seems to be having a wonderful time , he might be alone in that . 
yes , 4ever is harmless in the extreme and it'll mute your kids for nearly 80 minutes , but why not just treat the little yard apes to the real deal and take them to spirited away ? 
preposterous and tedious , sonny is spiked with unintentional laughter that , unfortunately , occurs too infrequently to make the film even a guilty pleasure . 
calling this movie brainless would be paying it a compliment : it's more like entertainment for trolls . 
none of these characters resembles anyone you've ever met in real life , unless you happen to know annoyingly self-involved people who speak in glib sentences that could have only come from the pen of a screenwriter . 
as elegantly crafted as it often is , anderson's movie is essentially a one-trick pony that , hampered by an undeveloped script , ultimately pulls up lame . 
splashes its drama all over the screen , subjecting its audience and characters to action that feels not only manufactured , but also so false you can see the filmmakers' puppet strings . 
this kind of dark comedy requires a delicate , surgical touch . but director danny devito and screenwriter adam resnick ( remember cabin boy ? ) just pound away . 
at times , however , dogtown and z-boys lapses into an insider's lingo and mindset that the uninitiated may find hard to follow , or care about . 
rather quickly , the film falls into a soothing formula of brotherly conflict and reconciliation . 
screenwriters scott abbott and michael petroni have turned rice's complex akasha into a cartoon monster . 
the writers , director wally wolodarsky , and all the actors should start their own coeducational fraternity : kappa rho alpha phi . 
the new faces are interesting , but the old story isn't , especially when it starts to seem more improvised than scripted . 
most of the action setups are incoherent . 
 . . . surprisingly inert for a movie in which the main character travels back and forth between epochs . 
there's something deeply creepy about never again , a new arrow in schaeffer's quiver of ineptitudes . 
blessed with immense physical prowess he may well be , but ahola is simply not an actor . and in truth , cruel as it may sound , he makes arnold schwarzenegger look like spencer tracy . 
all ends well , sort of , but the frenzied comic moments never click . 
only a few minutes elapse before the daddy of all slashers arrives , still with the boiler suit and white mask , which look remarkably clean for a guy who has been mass-murdering since 1978 but has never been seen doing laundry . 
when the painted backdrops in a movie are more alive than its characters , you know you're in trouble . 
the film is really not so much bad as bland . 
the central story lacks punch . 
though ganesh is successful in a midlevel sort of way , there's nothing so striking or fascinating or metaphorically significant about his career as to rate two hours of our attention . 
succumbs to the same kind of maudlin , sentimental mysticism that mars the touched by an angel school of non-god spiritual-uplift movies . 
a harmless and mildly amusing family comedy . 
what was subtle and mystifying in the novella is now broad and farcical . 
 " men in black ii , " has all the earmarks of a sequel . the story is less vibrant , the jokes are a little lukewarm , but will anyone really care ? 
sucking all the 'classic' out of robert louis stevenson's treasure island and filling the void with sci-fi video game graphics and disney-fied adolescent angst . . . 
this 72-minute film does have some exciting scenes , but it's a tad slow . 
while super troopers is above academy standards , its quintet of writers could still use some more schooling . 
the low-budget full frontal was one of the year's murkiest , intentionally obscure and self-indulgent pictures , and solaris is its big-budget brother . 
the plot is very clever , but boyd weighs it down with too many characters and events , all intertwined and far too complicated to keep track of . 
the film seems all but destined to pop up on a television screen in the background of a scene in a future quentin tarantino picture
a well acted and well intentioned snoozer . 
the smug , oily demeanor that donovan adopts throughout the stupidly named pipe dream is just repulsive . 
must-see viewing for anyone involved in the high-tech industry . others may find it migraine-inducing , despite moore's attempts at whimsy and spoon feeding . 
this limp gender-bender-baller from a first-time director and rookie screenwriter steals wholesale from that 1982's tootsie , forgetting only to retain a single laugh . 
kwan makes the mix-and- match metaphors intriguing , while lulling us into torpor with his cultivated allergy to action . 
any movie this boring should be required to have ushers in the theater that hand you a cup of coffee every few minutes . like a marathon runner trying to finish a race , you need a constant influx of liquid just to get through it . 
i loved looking at this movie . i just didn't care as much for the story . 
has all the poignancy of a hallmark card and all the comedy of a gallagher stand-up act . 
it doesn't do the original any particular dishonor , but neither does it exude any charm or personality . 
a gorgeous , somnolent show that is splendidly mummified and thoroughly unsurprising . 
a semi-autobiographical film that's so sloppily written and cast that you cannot believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer had anything to do with it . 
it feels like a community theater production of a great broadway play : even at its best , it will never hold a candle to the original . 
the film apparently takes place in a fantasy world where people in hotel hallways recite poetry in voice-over instead of speaking to each other . 
the element of surprise might be the only thing femme fatale has going for it . 
maybe it's asking too much , but if a movie is truly going to inspire me , i want a little more than this . 
a graceless , witless attempt at mating some like it hot with the wwii espionage thriller . 
the story and characters are nowhere near gripping enough . 
based on a david leavitt story , the film shares that writer's usual blend of observant cleverness , too-facile coincidence and slightly noxious preciousness . 
just like every other seagal movie , only louder and without that silly ponytail . 
to enjoy this movie's sharp dialogue and delightful performance by jolie and burns , you have to gloss over the no sense ending . 
this is a great subject for a movie , but hollywood has squandered the opportunity , using it as a prop for warmed-over melodrama and the kind of choreographed mayhem that director john woo has built his career on . 
ecks this one off your must-see list . 
overall , the film misses the brilliance of jelinek's novel by some way . it settles for being merely grim . 
just because it really happened to you , honey , doesn't mean that it's interesting to anyone else . 
just like the deli sandwich : lots of ham , lots of cheese , with a sickly sweet coating to disguise its excrescence until just after ( or during ) consumption of its second half . 
everything that's worthwhile about collision course can already be seen on television . 
if this movie belonged to a sorority , it would be called beta alpha delta . 
not a cheap slasher flick , as the subject matter would suggest , but is a little like a nature film , showing a patient predator and his foolish prey . 
herzog is obviously looking for a moral to his fable , but the notion that a strong , unified showing among germany and eastern european jews might have changed 20th-century history is undermined by ahola's inadequate performance . 
all in all , there's only one thing to root for : expulsion for everyone . 
secret ballot is too contemplative to be really funny . 
the film's center will not hold . 
dialogue-heavy and too cerebral for its own good -- or , at any rate , too cerebral for its racy subject matter . 
as an actor , the rock is aptly named . 
i wish i could say " thank god it's friday " , but the truth of the matter is i was glad when it was over . 
nothing about it fits . 
as it abruptly crosscuts among the five friends , it fails to lend the characters' individual stories enough dramatic resonance to make us care about them . 
the cast is so low-wattage that none of the characters comes off as big . . . and the setting remains indistinct . 
johnson has , in his first film , set himself a task he is not nearly up to . 
the two leads are almost good enough to camouflage the dopey plot , but so much naturalistic small talk , delivered in almost muffled exchanges , eventually has a lulling effect . 
the film meant well in its horse tale about freedom , but wasn't able to reach the heart because it was too overbearing . 
once the audience figure out what's being said , the filmmaker's relative passivity will make it tough for them to really care . 
there's nothing provocative about this film save for the ways in which it studiously avoids provoking thought . 
the premise for this kegger comedy probably sounded brilliant four six-packs and a pitcher of margaritas in , but the film must have been written . . . in the thrall of a vicious hangover . 
the film equivalent of a toy chest whose contents get scattered over the course of 80 minutes . 
creepy but ultimately unsatisfying thriller . 
martin scorsese cria um espetáculo visual que não possui alma - um filme esteticamente belo , mas emocionalmente frio . 
you would be better off investing in the worthy emi recording that serves as the soundtrack , or the home video of the 1992 malfitano-domingo production . 
has something to say . . . but it is a statement and issue worthy of a much more thoughtfulness and insight than a melodramatic and wholly predictable thriller . 
bears is bad . not 'terrible filmmaking' bad , but more like , 'i once had a nightmare like this , and it's now coming true' bad . 
as is most commonly case with projects such noble and lofty ambitions , the film is less poetic than simply pretentious . 
george , hire a real director and good writers for the next installment , please . 
for a film about two mismatched buddies , crystal and de niro share little screen time and even less chemistry . 
however clever nelson has been in providing variation within the confines of her structure and staging , the question remains whether this should , indeed , have been presented as a theatrical release . 
what could and should have been biting and droll is instead a tepid waste of time and talent . 
what will , most likely , turn out to be the most repellent movie of 2002 . 
 . . . too dull to enjoy . 
here's a self-congratulatory 3d imax rah-rah . 
eastwood is an icon of moviemaking , one of the best actors , directors and producers around , responsible for some excellent work . but even a hero can stumble sometimes . 
it's all very cute , though not terribly funny if you're more than six years old . 
the impact of the armenian genocide is diluted by too much stage business in the modern day . 
going to the website may be just as fun ( and scary ) as going to the film . 
admirable , certainly , but not much fun to watch . for caine lovers only . 
a reasonably efficient mechanism , but it offers few surprises and finds its stars slumming in territory they should have avoided . 
the rest of the plot is impossible to explain without blowing whatever tension there is , although it's more comedy than suspense de palma creates . 
what could have been a neat little story about believing in yourself is swamped by heavy-handed melodrama . 
the cast is uniformly excellent . . . but the film itself is merely mildly charming . 
a bigger holiday downer than your end-of-year 401 ( k ) statement . 
the whole thing plays out with the drowsy heaviness of synchronized swimmer wearing a wool wetsuit . 
fairly successful at faking some pretty cool stunts but a complete failure at trying to create some pretty cool characters . and forget about any attempt at a plot ! 
it will probably prove interesting to ram dass fans , but to others it may feel like a parody of the mellow , peace-and-love side of the '60s counterculture . 
take away all the cliches and the carbon copy scenes from every drug movie we've seen and all you have left are john leguizamo's cool jackets . 
showtime is closer to slowtime . 
it may be an easy swipe to take , but this barbershop just doesn't make the cut . 
the weight of water uses water as a metaphor for subconscious desire , but this leaky script barely stays afloat . 
'how many more voyages can this limping but dearly-loved franchise survive ? '
despite a blue-chip cast and a provocative title , writer-director peter mattei's first feature microwaves dull leftover romantic motifs basted in faux-contemporary gravy . 
the only element of suspense is whether the movie will change titles or distributors again before the closing credits roll . 
barely goes beyond comic book status . 
an eccentric little comic/thriller deeply in love with its own quirky personality . 
maybe it's the star power of the cast or the redundant messages , but something aboul " full frontal " seems , well , contrived . 
[morgan] , judd and franklin can't save the script , rooted in a novel by joseph finder , from some opportunism . 
the movie is obviously a labour of love so howard appears to have had free rein to be as pretentious as he wanted . 
safe conduct , however ambitious and well-intentioned , fails to hit the entertainment bull's-eye . 
my response to the film is best described as lukewarm . maybe i found the proceedings a little bit too conventional . 
it's push-the-limits teen comedy , the type written by people who can't come up with legitimate funny , and it's used so extensively that good bits are hopelessly overshadowed . 
it's too long , too repetitive , and takes way too many years to resolve to be a total winner . 
a sudsy cautionary tale . 
mr . wedge and mr . saldanha handle the mix of verbal jokes and slapstick well . their film falters , however , in its adherence to the disney philosophy of required poignancy , a salute that i'd hoped the movie would avoid . 
leaves you with a knot in your stomach , its power is undercut by its own head-banging obviousness . 
watching it is rather like an overlong visit from a large group of your relatives . as your relatives swap one mundane story after another , you begin to wonder if they are ever going to depart . 
on the right track to something that's creepy and effective . . . it's just going to take more than a man in a bullwinkle costume to get there . 
the only thing that could possibly make them less interesting than they already are is for them to get full montied into a scrappy , jovial team . 
the film is surprisingly well-directed by brett ratner , who keeps things moving well -- at least until the problematic third act . 
warmed-over tarantino by way of wannabe elmore leonard . 
[sen's] soap opera-ish approach undermines his good intentions . 
sushi for the connoisseurs of the macabre . 
don't waste your money . 
though certainly original in form , altar boys requires a taste for swamp thing-type animation , doubled with a deafening score . 
there aren't many laughs in this interesting study of the cultural mores of georgian jews in tel aviv . 
there's not enough to sustain the comedy . 
like those to rome , all roads in the banger sisters inevitably lead to a joke about hawn's breasts , which constantly threaten to upstage the woman sporting them . 
you're better off staying home and watching the x-files . 
bears resemblance to , and shares the weaknesses of , too many recent action-fantasy extravaganzas in which special effects overpower cogent story-telling and visual clarity during the big action sequences . 
this is the type of movie best enjoyed by frat boys and college kids while sucking on the bong and downing one alcoholic beverage after another . 
this film is full of rabbits . brimful . but like most rabbits , it seems to lack substance . 
i weep for the future when a good portion of the respected critical community in this country consider blue crush to be an intelligent film about young women . 
i kept wishing i was watching a documentary about the wartime navajos and what they accomplished instead of all this specious hollywood hoo-ha . 
if high crimes were any more generic it would have a universal product code instead of a title . 
despite the authenticity of the trappings , the film is overblown in its plotting , hackneyed in its dialogue and anachronistic in its style . 
the journey toward redemption feels more like a cinematic experiment than a full-blown movie . 
the gantzes' interviews tend to let the guys off the hook . 
the streets , shot by cinematographer michael ballhaus , may be as authentic as they are mean , but it is nearly impossible to care about what happens on them . 
this is a good movie in spurts , but when it doesn't work , it's at important times . 
parker probably thinks he's shaking up a classic the way kenneth branagh and baz luhrmann have , but this half-hearted messing-about just makes us miss wilde's still-contemporary play . 
a tv episode inflated past its natural length . 
involving at times , but lapses quite casually into the absurd . 
all these developments and challenges facing santa weigh down the plot so heavily that they drain all the film of its energy and needlessly strain credibility . 
anemic , pretentious . 
the story . . . is moldy and obvious . 
suffocated at conception by its munchausen-by-proxy mum . punish the vehicle to adore the star . 
usually when i get this much syrup , i like pancakes to go with it . 
all the necessary exposition prevents the picture from rising above your generic sand 'n' sandal adventure . 
glib , satirical documentary that fudges facts , makes facile points and engages in the cinematic equivalent of tabloid journalism . 
gangs of new york is an unapologetic mess , whose only saving grace is that it ends by blowing just about everything up . 
without a strong script and energetic acting , dogma films can produce the same sleep-inducing effects as watching your neighbor's home videos . 
strong setup and ambitious goals fade as the film descends into unsophisticated scare tactics and b-film thuggery . 
schindler's list it ain't . 
a cinematic sleeping pill of impressive potency . 
it's an awfully derivative story . 
the movie barely makes sense , with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks . 
it's an earnest debut full of heartfelt performances , but is ultimately let down by a story that is all too predictable . 
about as cutting-edge as pet rock : the movie . 
with generic sets and b-grade special effects , jason is about as convincing on the sci-fi front as tv's defunct cleopatra 2525 . 
winds up feeling like lots of other quirky movies that try to score hipness points with young adults . 
oft-described as the antidote to american pie-type sex comedies , it actually has a bundle in common with them , as the film diffuses every opportunity for a breakthrough
the pacing is glacial , the screenplay is stiff as a board , and things heat up only in the movie's final scenes . 
the premise is overshadowed by the uberviolence of the clericks as this becomes just another kung-fu sci-fi movie with silly action sequences . 
pumpkin struts about with " courage " pinned to its huckster lapel while a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back . 
an atonal estrogen opera that demonizes feminism while gifting the most sympathetic male of the piece with a nice vomit bath at his wedding . 
half of it is composed of snappy patter and pseudo-sophisticated cultural observations , while the remainder . . . would be more at home on a daytime television serial . 
the best way to hope for any chance of enjoying this film is by lowering your expectations . then lower them a bit more . 
when not obscured by the booming bass-heavy soundtrack , the conversation presents the kind of linguistic fumbling not heard since macy gray's game of chinese whispers with mr bean . 
cliches are as thick as the cigarette smoke . 
'abandon all hope , ye who enter here' . . . you should definitely let dante's gloomy words be your guide . 
what begins as a seemingly brainless , bubbly romantic comedy becomes a cliche-drenched melodrama by mid-film and , by film's end , a feminist action fantasy . 
birot's directorial debut ( she co-wrote the script with christophe honoré ) isn't so much bad as it is bland . 
enough similarities to gymkata and howie long's firestorm that my fingernails instinctively crawled towards my long-suffering eyeballs . 
succeeds in providing a disquiet world the long-dreaded completion of the police academy series . 
christians sensitive to a reductionist view of their lord as a luv-spreading dr . feelgood or omnipotent slacker will feel vastly more affronted than secularists , who might even praise god for delivering such an instant camp classic . 
if this dud had been made in the '70s , it would have been called the hills have antlers and played for about three weeks in drive-ins . 
like a documentary version of fight club , shorn of social insight , intellectual pretension and cinematic interest . 
 " an entire film about researchers quietly reading dusty old letters . " 
pryor lite , with half the demons , half the daring , much less talent , many fewer laughs . 
while the mystery surrounding the nature of the boat's malediction remains intriguing enough to sustain mild interest , the picture refuses to offer much accompanying sustenance in the way of characterization , humor or plain old popcorn fun . 
john leguizamo may be a dramatic actor -- just not in this movie . 
 . . . has about 3/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor — but it's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake- of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity . 
a incompetência de marcus adams como roteirista só é superada por sua péssima direção . 
this isn't a movie ; it's a symptom . 
the film has a few cute ideas and several modest chuckles but it isn't exactly kiddie-friendly… alas , santa is more ho-hum than ho-ho-ho and the snowman ( who never gets to play that flute ) has all the charm of a meltdown . 
it's so underwritten that you can't figure out just where the other characters , including ana's father and grandfather , come down on the issue of ana's future . 
a film so tedious that it is impossible to care whether that boast is true or not . 
even if it ultimately disappoints , the picture does have about a matinee admission's worth of funny to keep it afloat . 
a film made with as little wit , interest , and professionalism as artistically possible for a slummy hollywood caper flick . 
if you're not the target demographic . . . this movie is one long chick-flick slog . 
gooding and coburn are both oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable . 
jaw-droppingly superficial , straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter's glory days on three's company . 
there are plenty of scenes in frida that do work , but rarely do they involve the title character herself . 
although god is great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage , it's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film . 
the movie generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing . 
eastwood winces , clutches his chest and gasps for breath . it's a spectacular performance - ahem , we hope it's only acting . 
once she lets her love depraved leads meet , [denis'] story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
the dose is strong and funny , for the first 15 minutes anyway ; after that , the potency wanes dramatically . 
the people in abc africa are treated as docile , mostly wordless ethnographic extras . 
what's really sad is to see two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that's tv sitcom material at best . 
got some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1/2-hour , dissipated length . 
like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions . 
feels less like a change in [herzog's] personal policy than a half-hearted fluke . 
will anyone who isn't a fangoria subscriber be excited that it hasn't gone straight to video ? 
a selection of scenes in search of a movie . 
will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr . besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms . shu is an institution , but american audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic . 
true to its animatronic roots : . . . as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus . . . 'the country bears' should never have been brought out of hibernation . 
[evans is] a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie . 
the script's judgment and sense of weight is way , way off . 
you come away wishing , though , that the movie spent a lot less time trying to make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that's at the center of the story . 
as aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice , the movie makes two hours feel like four . 
limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly . 
while the importance of being earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles , it doesn't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond wilde's wit and the actors' performances . 
has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool . 
a rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel . 
a lifetime movie about men . 
the balkans provide the obstacle course for the love of a good woman . 
this is a movie that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable . 
the screenplay flounders under the weight of too many story lines . 
i think it was plato who said , 'i think , therefore i know better than to rush to the theatre for this one . '
if damon and affleck attempt another project greenlight , next time out they might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about . 
this is rote drivel aimed at mom and dad's wallet . 
this is more a case of 'sacre bleu ! ' than 'magnifique' . 
the kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ; their parents , wise folks that they are , read books . 
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but they're treading water at best in this forgettable effort . 
except as an acting exercise or an exceptionally dark joke , you wonder what anyone saw in this film that allowed it to get made . 
the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him . 
cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy . 
for the future , one hopes mr . plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter . 
reign of fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , but it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness . 
originality is sorely lacking . 
the plot's clearly mythic structure may owe more to disney's strong sense of formula than to the original story . but while the highly predictable narrative falls short , treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold . 
though there are entertaining and audacious moments , the movie's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker's flailing reputation . 
ram dass fierce grace moulds itself as an example to up-and-coming documentarians , of the overlooked pitfalls of such an endeavour . 
lucky break is perfectly inoffensive and harmless , but it's also drab and inert . 
for a story set at sea , ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed 'surprises . '
nothing more than a stifling morality tale dressed up in peekaboo clothing . 
i like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho's . 
it all seemed wasted like deniro's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk . 
just entertaining enough not to hate , too mediocre to love . 
the film's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes . . . drag the movie down . 
it doesn't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject . 
every note rings false . 
it never rises to its clever what-if concept . 
admirably ambitious but self-indulgent . 
this story of unrequited love doesn't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour . 
this angst-ridden territory was covered earlier and much better in ordinary people . 
the entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another . about half of them are funny , a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal . 
el crimen del padre amaro would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-catholic protestors . 
interesting and thoroughly unfaithful version of carmen
there's nothing exactly wrong here , but there's not nearly enough that's right . 
the action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises . 
what madonna does here can't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it's moving and it's talking and it's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once . 
even if you're an elvis person , you won't find anything to get excited about on this dvd . 
the movie certainly has its share of clever moments and biting dialogue , but there's just not much lurking below its abstract surface . 
it's bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction . 
i'm sure there's a teenage boy out there somewhere who's dying for this kind of entertainment . 
the film is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama . 
deliberately and devotedly constructed , far from heaven is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate . 
it's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; everything that's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that's just too boring and obvious . 
the good thing -- the only good thing -- about extreme ops is that it's so inane that it gave me plenty of time to ponder my thanksgiving to-do list . 
the modern-day characters are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones . 
director jay russell stomps in hobnail boots over natalie babbitt's gentle , endearing 1975 children's novel . 
benigni's pinocchio is extremely straight and mind-numbingly stilted , its episodic pacing keeping the film from developing any storytelling flow . 
with its paint fights , motorized scooter chases and dewy-eyed sentiment , it's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés . 
mostly the film is just hectic and homiletic : two parts exhausting men in black mayhem to one part family values . 
a rote exercise in both animation and storytelling . 
the material and the production itself are little more than routine . 
it's all surface psychodramatics . 
that frenetic spectacle [on the tv show] has usually been leavened by a charm that's conspicuously missing from the girls' big-screen blowout . 
kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera . 
for all the time we spend with these people , we never really get inside of them . 
yet another arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents . 
an undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece cinematic . 
too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize , and too few that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay . 
a wordy wisp of a comedy . 
broomfield's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient . 
[seagal's] strenuous attempt at a change in expression could very well clinch him this year's razzie . 
a series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story . 
a dopey movie clothed in excess layers of hipness . 
some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like ballistic : ecks vs . sever , were made for the palm screen . 
sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit , yet it's geared toward an audience full of masters of both . 
it's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly . 
if all of eight legged freaks was as entertaining as the final hour , i would have no problem giving it an unqualified recommendation . 
as it stands it's an opera movie for the buffs . 
la cinta comienza intentando ser un drama , rápidamente se transforma en una comedia y termina por ser una parodia absolutamente predecible
if only it were , well , funnier . 
its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who hasn't been living under a rock ( since sept . 11 ) . 
high drama , disney-style - a wing and a prayer and a hunky has-been pursuing his castle in the sky . 
like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through , the characters in swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover . 
one big blustery movie where nothing really happens . when it comes out on video , then it's the perfect cure for insomnia . 
like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop , comedian runs out of steam after a half hour . 
the pairing does sound promising in theory . . . but their lack of chemistry makes eddie murphy and robert deniro in showtime look like old , familiar vaudeville partners . 
director chris eyre is going through the paces again with his usual high melodramatic style of filmmaking . 
i could just feel the screenwriter at every moment 'tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away' on this screenplay . 
the rollerball sequences feel sanitised and stagey . 
nothing more than a run-of-the-mill action flick . 
lan yu is certainly a serviceable melodrama , but it doesn't even try for the greatness that happy together shoots for ( and misses ) . 
this is an action movie with an action icon who's been all but decommissioned . 
even if it is generally amusing from time to time , i spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have . 
an often unfunny romp . 
a worthy idea , but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school tv special . 
ear-splitting exercise in formula crash-and-bash action . 
we have an actor who is great fun to watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting . 
there's a thin line between likably old-fashioned and fuddy-duddy , and the count of monte cristo . . . never quite settles on either side . 
schaefer's . . . determination to inject farcical raunch . . . drowns out the promise of the romantic angle . 
like showgirls and glitter , the most entertaining moments here are unintentional . 
while some of the camera work is interesting , the film's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work . 
the origin story is well told , and the characters will not disappoint anyone who values the original comic books . it's in the action scenes that things fall apart . 
impostor is a step down for director gary fleder . 
seagal , who looks more like danny aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie . 
lacks dramatic punch and depth . 
there are moments of real pleasure to be found in sara sugarman's whimsical comedy very annie-mary but not enough to sustain the film . 
i can analyze this movie in three words : thumbs friggin' down . 
make like the title and dodge this one . 
this is not one of the movies you'd want to watch if you only had a week to live . 
it's obvious [je-gyu is] trying for poetry ; what he gets instead has all the lyricism of a limerick scrawled in a public restroom . 
sweet home alabama is one dumb movie , but its stupidity is so relentlessly harmless that it almost wins you over in the end . 
[green is] the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i'm just about ready to go to the u . n . and ask permission for a preemptive strike . 
no amount of good acting is enough to save oleander's uninspired story . 
think the lion king redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by bryan adams , the world's most generic rock star . 
a small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) . 
the holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot . 
unofficially , national lampoon's van wilder is son of animal house . officially , it is twice as bestial but half as funny . 
mindless yet impressively lean spinoff of last summer's bloated effects fest the mummy returns . 
halfway through the movie , the humor dwindles . it's replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy . 
will be far more interesting to the soderbergh faithful than it will be to the casual moviegoer who might be lured in by julia roberts . . . 
control-alt-delete simone as quickly as possible
follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun . 
the filmmaker ascends , literally , to the olympus of the art world , but he would have done well to end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster . 
the screenplay comes across , rather unintentionally , as hip-hop scooby-doo . 
has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies . . . 
vaguely interesting , but it's just too too much . 
 . . . no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch . 
a generic family comedy unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set . 
kung pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party . 
everything in maid in manhattan is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend . it goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste . 
 . . . pays tribute to heroes the way julia roberts hands out awards--with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism . 
as a director , eastwood is off his game -- there's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot 'surprises' are really surprising . 
eccentric enough to stave off doldrums , caruso's self-conscious debut is also eminently forgettable . 
to work , love stories require the full emotional involvement and support of a viewer . that is made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion . 
a puzzle whose pieces do not fit . some are fascinating and others are not , and in the end , it is almost a good movie . 
would that greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility . 
'butterfingered' is the word for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach . 
an inexperienced director , mehta has much to learn . 
dramatically lackluster . 
a gushy episode of " m * a * s * h " only this time from an asian perspective . 
 " looking for leonard " just seems to kinda sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it uphill or something . 
nothing more than four or five mild chuckles surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy . 
definitely in the guilty pleasure b-movie category , reign of fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable . 
entertaining enough , but nothing new
 . . . one resurrection too many . 
this is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout . even as the hero of the story rediscovers his passion in life , the mood remains oddly detached . 
demeo is not without talent ; he just needs better material . 
no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest 'tron' anderson , seems entirely improvised . 
initially gripping , eventually cloying pow drama . 
works better in the conception than it does in the execution . . . winds up seeming just a little too clever . 
to the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , it will probably be a talky bore . 
observant intelligence constantly vies with pretension -- and sometimes plain wacky implausibility -- throughout maelstrom . 
this version of h . g . wells' time machine was directed by h . g . wells' great-grandson . they should have found orson welles' great-grandson . 
shunji iwai's all about lily chou chou is a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in japan . 
with more character development this might have been an eerie thriller ; with better payoffs , it could have been a thinking man's monster movie . 
there's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects . 
goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing . . . but she and writing partner laurence coriat don't manage an equally assured narrative coinage . 
though harris is affecting at times , he cannot overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities . 
the documentary is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc . -- to do the subject matter justice . 
the movie itself appears to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits get further and further apart . 
this is not a jackie chan movie . it's just a movie that happens to have jackie chan in it . and that makes all the difference . 
far too clever by half , howard's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another . 
i don't think this movie loves women at all . 
shankman . . . and screenwriter karen janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story . 
a negligible british comedy . 
stay away . far away . 
slack and uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you're left with a sour taste in your mouth . 
skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you're sure to get more out of the latter experience . 
what can one say about a balding 50-year-old actor playing an innocent boy carved from a log ? 
her film is like a beautiful food entrée that isn't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless . 
like the world of his film , hartley created a monster but didn't know how to handle it . 
needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion 'grandeur' shots and quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism . 
in the end , there isn't much to it . 
a waste of fearless purity in the acting craft . 
the film is ultimately about as inspiring as a hallmark card . 
disreputable doings and exquisite trappings are dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances . 
you could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time . 
yet another entry in the sentimental oh-those-wacky-brits genre that was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash hit . 
for those for whom the name woody allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile , hollywood ending is a depressing experience
femme fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience . are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue ? 
fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references . 
imagine susan sontag falling in love with howard stern . 
like being trapped inside a huge video game , where exciting , inane images keep popping past your head and the same illogical things keep happening over and over again . 
should have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but is devoid of wit and humor . 
the best thing about the movie is its personable , amusing cast . 
o ótimo esforço do diretor acaba sendo frustrado pelo roteiro , que , depois de levar um bom tempo para colocar a trama em andamento , perde-se de vez a partir do instante em que os estranhos acontecimentos são explicados . 
director david fincher and writer david koepp can't sustain it . 
finally coming down off of miramax's deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts , waking up in reno makes a strong case for letting sleeping dogs lie . 
a movie that feels like the pilot episode of a new teen-targeted action tv series . 
the animation and backdrops are lush and inventive , yet return to neverland never manages to take us to that elusive , lovely place where we suspend our disbelief . 
director shekhar kapur and screenwriters michael schiffer and hossein amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great . 
strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , the four feathers comes up short . 
the thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes ( of which they'll get plenty ) fills me with revulsion . 
devolves into the derivative , leaning on badly-rendered cgi effects . 
a grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone's crazy french grandfather . 
both overstuffed and undernourished . . . the film can't be called a solid success , although there's plenty of evidence here to indicate clooney might have better luck next time . 
plods along , minus the twisted humor and eye-popping visuals that have made miike . . . a cult hero . 
hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock's imaginative flight to shyamalan's self-important summer fluff . 
the film's maudlin focus on the young woman's infirmity and her naive dreams play like the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking . 
predictably soulless techno-tripe . 
it has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition . 
the plot meanders from gripping to plodding and back . 
best described as i know what you did last winter . 
it's difficult for a longtime admirer of his work to not be swept up in invincible and overlook its drawbacks . 
lazily directed by charles stone iii . . . from a leaden script by matthew cirulnick and novelist thulani davis . 
though jones and snipes are enthralling , the movie bogs down in rhetoric and cliché . 
the most remarkable ( and frustrating ) thing about world traveler , which opens today in manhattan , is that its protagonist , after being an object of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes , remains a complete blank . 
an artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art . 
the pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs . 
with lines that feel like long soliloquies -- even as they are being framed in conversation -- max is static , stilted . 
barely manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference . 
writer/director burr steers emphasizes the q in quirky , with mixed results . 
in between the icy stunts , the actors spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and 'just letting the mountain tell you what to do . '
the obligatory break-ups and hook-ups don't seem to have much emotional impact on the characters . 
some stunning visuals -- and some staggeringly boring cinema . 
these characters become wearisome . 
a hit- and-miss affair , consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny as cho may have intended or as imaginative as one might have hoped . 
this may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar . 
a sterling film - a cross between boys don't cry , deliverance , and ode to billy joe - lies somewhere in the story of matthew shepard , but that film is yet to be made . 
contrived pastiche of caper clichés . 
many shallower movies these days seem too long , but this one is egregiously short . 
the most ill-conceived animated comedy since the 1991 dog rover dangerfield . 
like shave ice without the topping , this cinematic snow cone is as innocuous as it is flavorless . 
i can't remember the last time i saw an audience laugh so much during a movie , but there's only one problem…it's supposed to be a drama . 
donovan . . . squanders his main asset , jackie chan , and fumbles the vital action sequences . 
bread , my sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it . it may even fall into the category of films you love to hate . i admit it , i hate to like it . 
leaks treacle from every pore . 
the characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we don't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament . 
kapur weighs down the tale with bogus profundities . 
while we want macdowell's character to retrieve her husband , we have to ask whether her personal odyssey trumps the carnage that claims so many lives around her . 
if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you aren't very bright , then blood work is for you . 
the film's stagecrafts are intimate and therefore bolder than the otherwise calculated artifice that defines and overwhelms the film's production design . 
a well-intentioned effort that's still too burdened by the actor's offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility . 
a family-friendly fantasy that ends up doing very little with its imaginative premise . 
a plodding look at the french revolution through the eyes of aristocrats . 
tom shadyac has learned a bit more craft since directing adams , but he still lingers over every point until the slowest viewer grasps it . 
unspools like a highbrow , low-key , 102-minute infomercial , blending entrepreneurial zeal with the testimony of satisfied customers . 
a fast-paced , glitzy but extremely silly piece . 
any reasonably creative eighth-grader could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors . 
 . . . while the humor aspects of 'jason x' were far more entertaining than i had expected , everything else about the film tanks . 
your taste for jonah - a veggie tales movie may well depend on your threshold for pop manifestations of the holy spirit . 
like an afterschool special with costumes by gianni versace , mad love looks better than it feels . 
while certain cues , like the happy music , suggest that this movie is supposed to warm our hearts , jeong-hyang lee's film is just as likely to blacken that organ with cold vengefulness . 
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that's where this film should have remained . 
a thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions . 
a collage of clichés and a dim echo of allusions to other films . 
the film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters . 
arty gay film . 
jonah is only so-so . . . the addition of a biblical message will either improve the film for you , or it will lessen it . 
incoherence reigns . 
the somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks make green dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment . 
the filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they won't much care about . 
another wholly unnecessary addition to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt pictures . 
this strenuously unfunny showtime deserves the hook . 
…its solemn pretension prevents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself . 
 . . . the good and different idea [of middle-aged romance] is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances , there is little else to recommend " never again . " 
if disney's cinderella proved that 'a dream is a wish your heart makes , ' then cinderella ii proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio's wallet makes . 
with rare birds , as with the shipping news before it , an attempt is made to transplant a hollywood star into newfoundland's wild soil -- and the rock once again resists the intrusion . 
nothing about this movie works . 
a spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged . 
none of birthday girl's calculated events take us by surprise . . . 
are monsters born , or made ? 
lisa rinzler's cinematography may be lovely , but love liza's tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension . 
with the dog days of august upon us , think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity . 
the film is like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables . 
this rather unfocused , all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens . . . or if it were subtler . . . or if it had a sense of humor . 
takes a clunky tv-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright , poet and drinker . 
if you adored the full monty so resoundingly that you're dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting , then this should keep you reasonably entertained . 
technically and artistically inept . 
though tom shadyac's film kicks off spookily enough , around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance . 
'[hopkins]doesn't so much phone in his performance as fax it . no , even that's too committed . he gets his secretary to fax it . " 
priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal . 
even with its $50-million us budget , pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture . 
this is a third-person story now , told by hollywood , and much more ordinary for it . 
the filmmakers know how to please the eye , but it is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story . 
written , flatly , by david kendall and directed , barely , by there's something about mary co-writer ed decter . 
the characters are interesting and the relationship between yosuke and saeko is worth watching as it develops , but there's not enough to the story to fill two hours . 
like being invited to a classy dinner soiree and not knowing anyone . you leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends . 
the question hanging over the time machine is not , as the main character suggests , 'what if ? ' but rather , 'how can you charge money for this ? '
millions of dollars heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry . 
perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that isn't this painfully forced , false and fabricated . 
in this film , aussie david caesar channels the not-quite-dead career of guy ritchie . 
maybe you'll be lucky , and there'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back . 
narc can only remind us of brilliant crime dramas without becoming one itself . 
a tedious parable about honesty and good sportsmanship . 
sad nonsense , this . but not without cheesy fun factor . 
one of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time . 
really dumb but occasionally really funny . 
the movie wavers between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial . 
a half-assed film . 
while the transgressive trappings ( especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull , rodrigues's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative . 
they threw loads of money at an idea that should've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans . 
it's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of [woo's] best work . 
reyes' directorial debut has good things to offer , but ultimately it's undone by a sloppy script
if you're over 25 , have an iq over 90 , and have a driver's license , you should be able to find better entertainment . 
 . . . the picture's cleverness is ironically muted by the very people who are intended to make it shine . 
never does " lilo & stitch " reach the emotion or timelessness of disney's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as " mulan " or " tarzan . " 
one of those so-so films that could have been much better . 
fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor . 
cacoyannis' vision is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts . 
it has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline . 
it appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept . 
less a heartfelt appeal for the handicapped than a nice belgian waffle . 
no such thing is sort of a minimalist beauty and the beast , but in this case the beast should definitely get top billing . robert john burke as the monster horns in and steals the show . 
due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue , the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter . 
[t]he film is never sure to make a clear point – even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation . 
while it may not add up to the sum of its parts , holofcener's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often . 
an overwrought taiwanese soaper about three people and their mixed-up relationship . 
nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release . 
schnieder bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that's enough to sustain laughs . . . 
its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this isn't something to be taken seriously , but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare . 
by the final whistle you're convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just doesn't have big screen magic . 
pretend it's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away . it's fun , but it's a real howler . 
a waterlogged version of 'fatal attraction' for the teeny-bopper set . . . a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads . 
it tells its story in a flat manner and leaves you with the impression that you should have gotten more out of it than you did . 
sweet gentle jesus , did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ? 
this is for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm . 
though it inspires some ( out-of-field ) creative thought , the film is -- to its own detriment -- much more a cinematic collage than a polemical tract . 
sinks into the usual cafeteria goulash of fart jokes , masturbation jokes , and racist japanese jokes . 
more of an intriguing curiosity than a gripping thriller . 
contains all the substance of a twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing . 
return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another run-of-the-mill disney sequel intended for the home video market . 
rarely does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along . 
it's a thin notion , repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue . 
on a certain base level , blue crush delivers what it promises , just not well enough to recommend it . 
the colorful masseur wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh's rise up the social ladder . 
madonna has made herself over so often now , there's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson's nose . 
never having seen the first two films in the series , i can't compare friday after next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days . 
the story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched . 
a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery . 
[soderbergh] tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness . 
handsome and sincere but slightly awkward in its combination of entertainment and evangelical boosterism . 
so aggressively cheery that pollyana would reach for a barf bag . 
scooby-doo doesn't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick . 
russell lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of sommers's title-bout features . 
highly uneven and inconsistent . . . margarita happy hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within . 
a listless and desultory affair . 
jam-packed with literally bruising jokes . every five minutes or so , someone gets clocked . 
wins my vote for 'the 2002 enemy of cinema' award . 
any chekhov is better than no chekhov , but it would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years . 
helmer hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , but his dependence on slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome . 
every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable . there's no energy . 
apparently writer-director attal thought he need only cast himself and his movie-star wife sitting around in their drawers to justify a film . 
after the setup , the air leaks out of the movie , flattening its momentum with about an hour to go . 
this is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them ! 
at three hours and with very little story or character development , there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue . 
a bit too derivative to stand on its own as the psychological thriller it purports to be . 
a crude teen-oriented variation on a theme that the playwright craig lucas explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence in his prelude to a kiss . 
the film's darker moments become smoothed over by an overwhelming need to tender inspirational tidings , especially in the last few cloying moments . 
if you recognize zeus ( the dog from snatch ) it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one . 
shanghai ghetto should be applauded for finding a new angle on a tireless story , but you might want to think twice before booking passage . 
plays like a checklist of everything rob reiner and his cast were sending up . 
all the sensuality , all the eroticism of a good vampire tale has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness . 
a cross between blow and boyz n the hood , this movie strives to be more , but doesn't quite get there . good performances keep it from being a total rehash . 
the screenplay is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children . 
troll the cult section of your local video store for the real deal . 
at times , the movie looks genuinely pretty . your nightmares , on the other hand , will be anything but . not even felinni would know what to make of this italian freakshow . 
elmo touts his drug as being 51 times stronger than coke . if you're looking for a tale of brits behaving badly , watch snatch again . it's 51 times better than this . 
it's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny . 
both shrill and soporific , and because everything is repeated five or six times , it can seem tiresomely simpleminded . 
does not go far enough in its humor or stock ideas to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny . 
neither revelatory nor truly edgy--merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored . 
just about everyone involved here seems to be coasting . there are a few modest laughs , but certainly no thrills . 
fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur . 
while howard's appreciation of brown and his writing is clearly well-meaning and sincere , the movie would be impossible to sit through were it not for the supporting cast . 
a preposterous , prurient whodunit . 
go , girls , right down the reality drain . 
boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory , impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie . 
can be classified as one of those 'alternate reality' movies . . . except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality . 
predictable and cloying , though brown sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle . 
 . . . unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept . 
an imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie . 
muddled , melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for kevin costner . 
too clumsy in key moments . . . to make a big splash . 
at least it's a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii . 
why would anyone cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ? 
unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook . 
presents a good case while failing to provide a reason for us to care beyond the very basic dictums of human decency . 
we have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat . 
according to the script , grant and bullock's characters are made for each other . but you'd never guess that from the performances . 
the animation merely serves up a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from bambi and the lion king , yet lacks the emotional resonance of either of those movies . 
ararat feels like a book report
shows that jackie chan is getting older , and that's something i would rather live in denial about
alas , the black-and-white archival footage of their act showcases pretty mediocre shtick . 
the slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat . 
this is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks . 
much of the digitally altered footage appears jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché . 
the film never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale
mark wahlberg . . . may look classy in a '60s-homage pokepie hat , but as a character he's dry , dry , dry . 
told in scattered fashion , the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject . 
the irony is that this film's cast is uniformly superb ; their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own . 
if ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it . if ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution , this is it . 
with an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing jackson ) and subject matter , the improbable " formula 51 " is somewhat entertaining , but it could have been much stronger . 
sandra bullock's best dramatic performance to date ( is ) almost enough to lift ( this ) thrill-kill cat-and-mouser . . . above its paint-by-numbers plot . 
a feel-good movie that doesn't give you enough to feel good about . 
slap me , i saw this movie . 
[the kid's] just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow . 
scherfig , who has had a successful career in tv , tackles more than she can handle . 
just consider what new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay . 
oscar caliber cast doesn't live up to material
the problems of the people in love in the time of money are hardly specific to their era . they just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way . 
carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders , chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , 'if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . '
in the end , the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate . 
sometimes makes less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates . 
bland but harmless . 
'rare birds' tries to force its quirkiness upon the audience . 
the movie is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive . 
five screenwriters are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay ; it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before . 
the whole thing comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break . 
so we got ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter's the thing and loaded with actors you're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat . 
the movie's blatant derivativeness is one reason it's so lackluster . 
kids don't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there's lots of cute animals and clumsy people . 'snow dogs' has both . 
it's almost as if it's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film . 
wobbly senegalese updating of " carmen " which is best for the stunning star turn by djeinaba diop gai
it's the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who doesn't think about percentages all day long . 
a little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon wedding serves mostly to whet one's appetite for the bollywood films . 
unless bob crane is someone of particular interest to you , this film's impressive performances and adept direction aren't likely to leave a lasting impression . 
the bottom line with nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted needn't waste their time on it . 
the lousy john q all but spits out denzel washington's fine performance in the title role . 
the film is so packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film . 
despite all the closed-door hanky-panky , the film is essentially juiceless . 
it is parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
it's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay . 
a low-rent retread of the alien pictures . 
serviceable at best , slightly less than serviceable at worst . 
its initial excitement settles into a warmed over pastiche . 
a big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on . 
the story has little wit and no surprises . 
what should have been a cutting hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last week's issue of variety . 
a little more intensity and a little less charm would have saved this film a world of hurt . 
dense and enigmatic . . . elusive . . . stagy and stilted
the movie's plot is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh . 
 . . . may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence . this scarlet's letter is a . . . as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary . 
plays like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp . 
the central character isn't complex enough to hold our interest . 
a little less extreme than in the past , with longer exposition sequences between them , and with fewer gags to break the tedium . 
the biggest problem with satin rouge is lilia herself . she's a cipher , played by an actress who smiles and frowns but doesn't reveal an inner life . 
a quaint , romanticized rendering . 
what with the incessant lounge music playing in the film's background , you may mistake love liza for an adam sandler chanukah song . 
the movie's heavy-handed screenplay navigates a fast fade into pomposity and pretentiousness . 
she's not yet an actress , not quite a singer . . . 
not a bad premise , but the execution is lackluster at best . 
been there done that . 
there is only so much baked cardboard i need to chew . 
schnitzler's film has a great hook , some clever bits and well-drawn , if standard issue , characters , but is still only partly satisfying . 
only two-fifths of a satisfying movie experience . 
[l]ame and unnecessary . 
a movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture . we can tell what it is supposed to be , but can't really call it a work of art . 
it's a brilliant , honest performance by nicholson , but the film is an agonizing bore except when the fantastic kathy bates turns up . bravado kathy ! 
you can thank me for this . i saw juwanna mann so you don't have to . 
unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters , the reginald hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs . 
this romantic/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in . 
squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations , burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare . 
there's a neat twist , subtly rendered , that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes , but kang tacks on three or four more endings . 
reeboir varies between a sweet smile and an angry bark , while said attempts to wear down possible pupils through repetition . it has no affect on the kurds , but it wore me down . 
a superfluous sequel . . . plagued by that old familiar feeling of 'let's get this thing over with' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find . 
the movie is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value . 
i haven't seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered . 
little more than a well-mounted history lesson . 
the film is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil . 
her fans walked out muttering words like " horrible " and " terrible , " but had so much fun dissing the film that they didn't mind the ticket cost . in this case zero . 
when it comes to the battle of hollywood vs . woo , it looks like woo's a p . o . w . 
there are a few chuckles , but not a single gag sequence that really scores , and the stars seem to be in two different movies . 
the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film . 
the mushy finale turns john q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker . 
content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger - all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance . 
the movie turns out to be [assayas'] homage to the gallic 'tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness . 
its message has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regarding life . 
neither as scary-funny as tremors nor demented-funny as starship troopers , the movie isn't tough to take as long as you've paid a matinee price . 
if swimfan does catch on , it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh . 
what might've been an exhilarating exploration of an odd love triangle becomes a sprawl of uncoordinated vectors . 
the master of disguise may have made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movie it is not . 
has the marks of a septuagenarian ; it's a crusty treatment of a clever gimmick . 
like a medium-grade network sitcom--mostly inoffensive , fitfully amusing , but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen . 
rock's stand-up magic wanes . hopkins , squarely fills the screen . action - mechanical . 
plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king . 
city by the sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for . but how it washed out despite all of that is the project's prime mystery . 
whatever the movie's sentimental , hypocritical lessons about sexism , its true colors come out in various wet t-shirt and shower scenes . 
there ain't a lot more painful than an unfunny movie that thinks it's hilarious . 
i enjoyed the movie in a superficial way , while never sure what its purpose was . 
the kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly executed idea . 
nicks refuses to let slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy . 
nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of elizabeth hurley's breasts -- is authentic . 
amid the cliché and foreshadowing , cage manages a degree of casual realism . . . that is routinely dynamited by blethyn . 
eddie murphy and owen wilson have a cute partnership in i spy , but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm doesn't do a load of good . 
it's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix's . 
there's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids' movie . . . that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups . 
like many such biographical melodramas , it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories . 
there is nothing redeeming about this movie . 
the film has [its] moments , but they are few and far between . 
i was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great . . . i'm not , and then i realized that i just didn't care . 
deserves high marks for political courage but barely gets by on its artistic merits . 
 . . . comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental . 
a film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact . 
tsai may be ploughing the same furrow once too often . 
flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they can't distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up . 
zigzag might have been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted . 
how can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ? in truth , it has all the heart of a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust ) . 
nicks and steinberg match their own creations for pure venality -- that's giving it the old college try . 
episode ii-- attack of the clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight . 
[denis'] bare-bones narrative more closely resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product . 
viewing this underdramatized but overstated film is like watching a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some freudian puppet . 
overall tomfoolery like this is a matter of taste . 
the author's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling . 
writer-director walter hill and co-writer david giler try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags . 
there's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces . 
a cockeyed shot all the way . 
lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) , but ultimately you'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered . 
unfortunately , one hour photo lives down to its title . thanks largely to williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film . 
cold , sterile and lacking any color or warmth . 
the film is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold . 
seems like someone going through the motions . 
for a film about explosions and death and spies , " ballistic : ecks vs . sever " seems as safe as a children's film . well , in some of those , the mother deer even dies . 
wallace gets a bit heavy handed with his message at times , and has a visual flair that waxes poetic far too much for our taste . 
wraps itself in the guise of a dark and quirky comedy , but it isn't as quirky as it thinks it is and its comedy is generally mean-spirited . 
choppy , overlong documentary about 'the lifestyle . '
one sloughs one's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot . 
it's a fanboy 'what if ? ' brought to life on the big screen . 
the story itself is actually quite vapid . 
wait for pay per view or rental but don't dismiss barbershop out of hand . 
each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top . 
would've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film's predictable denouement . then nadia's birthday might not have been such a bad day after all . 
enthusiastically taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions , walt becker's film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons . 
it's the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge . 
that neither protagonist has a distinguishable condition hardly matters because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks . 
what starts off as a possible argentine american beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers . 
solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke
a really funny fifteen-minute short stretched beyond its limits to fill an almost feature-length film . 
it is bad , but certainly not without merit as entertainment . 
a work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse . 
a faster paced family flick . upper teens may get cynical . smaller numbered kidlets will enjoy . 
while this film has an 'a' list cast and some strong supporting players , the tale -- like its central figure , vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love . 
most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river . 
it's all gratuitous before long , as if schwentke were fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story . 
it's fitfully funny but never really takes off . 
i've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but lil bow wow takes the cake . 
for all the complications , it's all surprisingly predictable . 
it's been 20 years since 48 hrs . made eddie murphy a movie star and the man hasn't aged a day . but his showboating wise-cracker stock persona sure is getting old . 
if deuces wild had been tweaked up a notch it would have become a camp adventure , one of those movies that's so bad it starts to become good . but it wasn't . 
for a film about action , ultimate x is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype . 
tends to plod . 
a nearly 21/2 hours , the film is way too indulgent . 
gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid . . . a curiously constricted epic . 
it looks much more like a cartoon in the end than the simpsons ever has . 
with a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , personal velocity seems to be idling in neutral . 
doesn't really add up to much . 
an entertainment so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots . 
a prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp . 
borrows from other movies like it in the most ordinary and obvious fashion . 
it's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction . 
the characters seem one-dimensional , and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience . 
it's like a drive-by . you can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise . 
everything -- even life on an aircraft carrier -- is sentimentalized . 
the movie has generic virtues , and despite a lot of involved talent , seems done by the numbers . 
when your subject is illusion versus reality , shouldn't the reality seem at least passably real ? 
this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question 'why ? '
a fan film that for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound turned down . 
too infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style . 
there's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age/coming-out tale . 
as much as i laughed throughout the movie , i cannot mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys' superhuman capacity to withstand pain . 
plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv's dawson's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story . 
unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm , you're going to feel like you weren't invited to the party . 
just isn't as weird as it ought to be . 
a " home alone " film that is staged like " rosemary's baby , " but is not as well-conceived as either of those films . 
[siegel] and co-writers lisa bazadona and grace woodard have relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround frankie . 
`hey arnold ! ' has some visual wit . . . but little imagination elsewhere . 
they're going through the motions , but the zip is gone . 
a low-budget affair , tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction . then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed . 
it's mindless junk like this that makes you appreciate original romantic comedies like punch-drunk love . 
tale will be all too familiar for anyone who's seen george roy hill's 1973 film , " the sting . " 
it's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but notorious c . h . o . still feels like a promising work-in-progress . 
the problem with the bread , my sweet is that it's far too sentimental . 
a late-night cable sexploitation romp masquerading as a thriller about the ruthless social order that governs college cliques . 
falls short in explaining the music and its roots . 
never inspires more than an interested detachment . 
what might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen or mel brooks ( at least during their '70s heyday ) comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature . 
despite slick production values and director roger michell's tick-tock pacing , the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours . 
pretty much sucks , but has a funny moment or two . 
they do a good job of painting this family dynamic for the audience but they tried to squeeze too many elements into the film . 
it is so earnest , so overwrought and so wildly implausible that it begs to be parodied . 
swimfan , like fatal attraction , eventually goes overboard with a loony melodramatic denouement in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub . 
feels like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together . 
writer-director randall wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , and his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic . 
one can't shake the feeling that crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney's latest album . 
phoned-in business as usual . 
there's an epic here , but you have to put it together yourself . 
god is great , the movie's not . 
like a three-ring circus , there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable . 
as original and insightful as last week's episode of behind the music . 
plays like john le carré with a couple of burnt-out cylinders . 
you may be galled that you've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie . 
it's neither as sappy as big daddy nor as anarchic as happy gilmore or the waterboy , but it has its moments . 
despite the surface attractions -- conrad l . hall's cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year -- there's something impressive and yet lacking about everything . 
[crystal and de niro] manage to squeeze out some good laughs but not enough to make this silly con job sing . 
go for la salle's performance , and make do as best you can with a stuttering script . 
it's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress . 
tries too hard to be funny in a way that's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span . 
the acting is just fine , but there's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff . 
ultimately the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok . 
releasing a film with the word 'dog' in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and snow dogs deserves every single one of them . 
tedious norwegian offering which somehow snagged an oscar nomination . 
it was a dark and stormy night . . . 
this sort of cute and cloying material is far from zhang's forte and it shows . 
bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie . 
freundlich's made [crudup] a suburban architect , and a cipher . 
aimed squarely at the least demanding of demographic groups : very small children who will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters . 
what starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points . 
even with harris's strong effort , the script gives him little to effectively probe lear's soul-stripping breakdown . 
the story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin . 
whereas the extremely competent hitman films such as pulp fiction and get shorty resonate a sardonic verve to their caustic purpose for existing , who is cletis tout ? is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche . 
while american adobo has its heart ( and its palate ) in the right place , its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even . 
most of the dialogue made me want to pack raw dough in my ears . 
costner's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as shadyac's perfunctory directing chops , and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink laurence olivier . 
it's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted , but it wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate . 
directed by kevin bray , whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut . 
turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film's characters
robin williams departs from his fun friendly demeanor in exchange for a darker unnerving role . 
high crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor , a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd . 
the chocolate factory without charlie . 
a well-crafted letdown . 
the movie spends more time with schneider than with newcomer mcadams , even though her performance is more interesting ( and funnier ) than his . 
this low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the farrelly brothers' oeuvre gets way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time . 
it recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera . 
i'm all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business , but surely it doesn't have to be as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks . 
many of benjamins' elements feel like they've been patched in from an episode of miami vice . 
most folks with a real stake in the american sexual landscape will find it either moderately amusing or just plain irrelevant . 
cherish is a dud -- a romantic comedy that's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny . 
feels as if the inmates have actually taken over the asylum . 
the movie's gloomy atmosphere is fascinating , though , even if the movie itself doesn't stand a ghost of a chance . 
the exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you'll find in this dreary mess . 
godard's ode to tackling life's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess . . . in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that's unfocused and tediously exasperating . 
solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but he isn't talking a talk that appeals to me . 
more tiring than anything . 
a good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper cast , but never quite gets off the ground . 
overly long and worshipful bio-doc . 
writer-director ritchie reduces wertmuller's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon . 
about amy's cuteness , amy's career success ( she's a best-selling writer of self-help books who can't help herself ) , and amy's neuroses when it comes to men . 
feels aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives , leaving questions in its wake . 
less than fresh . 
in my own very humble opinion , in praise of love lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works . 
the script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue . 
muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious . 
a road trip that will get you thinking , 'are we there yet ? '
dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he's dissecting , and the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation . 
an occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten . 
what could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination . 
the movie is like scorsese's mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old 'juvenile delinquent' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot . 
it isn't that stealing harvard is a horrible movie—if only it were that grand a failure ! it's just that it's so not-at-all-good . and i expect much more from a talent as outstanding as director bruce mcculloch . 
dolman confines himself to shtick and sentimentality -- the one bald and the other sloppy . 
the script ? please . 
not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired . 
brainy , artistic and muted , almost to the point of suffocation . 
plays like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas . 
like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery . 
the truth about charlie is that it's a brazenly misguided project . 
caso você sinta necessidade de sair da sala antes do término da projeção , não se preocupe : ninguém lhe enviará penas simbolizando covardia . 
displays the potential for a better movie than what bailly manages to deliver
so exaggerated and broad that it comes off as annoying rather than charming . 
the latest vapid actor's exercise to appropriate the structure of arthur schnitzler's reigen . 
snipes is both a snore and utter tripe . 
ritchie's film is easier to swallow than wertmuller's polemical allegory , but it's self-defeatingly decorous . 
rodriguez . . . was unable to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight . 
a sleek advert for youthful anomie that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions . 
some body smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling . 
this isn't a terrible film by any means , but it's also far from being a realized work . 
apparently , romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just doesn't figure in the present hollywood program . 
a movie that's held captive by mediocrity . not bad , but not all that good . bacon keeps things interesting , but don't go out of your way to pay full price . 
can't seem to get anywhere near the story's center . 
it's a frankenstein-monster of a film that doesn't know what it wants to be . 
on its icy face , the new film is a subzero version of monsters , inc . , without the latter's imagination , visual charm or texture . 
i can't say this enough : this movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies . 
it's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex . 
after a while , the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky . 
summer's far too fleeting to squander on offal like this . 
often lingers just as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time is it there ? into how long is this movie ? 
deuces wild is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence . 
it's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground . 
it's sweet . . . but just a little bit too precious at the start and a little too familiar at the end . 
demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake , but he can't disguise that he's spiffing up leftovers that aren't so substantial or fresh . 
this is a heartfelt story . . . it just isn't a very involving one . 
the fact that the 'best part' of the movie comes from a 60-second homage to one of demme's good films doesn't bode well for the rest of it . 
the band performances featured in drumline are red hot . . . [but] from a mere story point of view , the film's ice cold . 
 . . . built on the premise that middle-class arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids . 
a laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- excuse for a film . 
the sequel is everything the original was not : contrived , overblown and tie-in ready . 
like a grinning jack o' lantern , its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded . 
a sentimental hybrid that could benefit from the spice of specificity . 
 . . . familiar and predictable , and 4/5ths of it might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc . reyes' word processor . 
give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions , but there's nothing here that they couldn't have done in half an hour . 
it's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x . . . look positively shakesperean by comparison . 
a little objectivity could have gone a long way . 
i believe silberling had the best intentions here , but he just doesn't have the restraint to fully realize them . 
plays like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure hollywood . 
the film desperately sinks further and further into comedy futility . 
instead of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the x games , we get a cinematic postcard that's superficial and unrealized . 
i wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways . 
after an hour and a half of wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be , you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be . 
screenwriter chris ver weil's directing debut is good-natured and never dull , but its virtues are small and easily overshadowed by its predictability . 
if you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you're far better served by the source material . 
it's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist . . . studiously inoffensive and completely disposable . 
[the film's] taste for " shock humor " will wear thin on all but those weaned on the comedy of tom green and the farrelly brothers . 
any enjoyment will be hinge from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things . 
if legendary shlockmeister ed wood had ever made a movie about a vampire , it probably would look a lot like this alarming production , adapted from anne rice's novel the vampire chronicles . 
interminably bleak , to say nothing of boring . 
the camera whirls ! the camera twirls ! oh , look at that clever angle ! wow , a jump cut ! 
demme finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack . 
it almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us . 
it puts washington , as honest working man john q . archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher . 
ultimately , the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you're up for that sort of thing . 
far more enjoyable than its predecessor . 
[gayton's script] telegraphs every discovery and layers on the gloss of convenience . 
full frontal , which opens today nationwide , could almost be classified as a movie-industry satire , but it lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre's definitive , if disingenuous , feature . 
a ragbag of cliches . 
a reality-snubbing hodgepodge . 
short and sweet , but also more than anything else slight… tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations . 
has its moments , but it's pretty far from a treasure . 
what more can be expected from a college comedy that's target audience hasn't graduated from junior high school ? 
the plan to make enough into ‘an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller' has flopped as surely as a soufflé gone wrong . 
instead of letting the laughs come as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick . 
you know that ten bucks you'd spend on a ticket ? just send it to cranky . we don't get paid enough to sit through crap like this . 
an even more predictable , cliche-ridden endeavor than its predecessor . 
the whole thing plays like a tired tyco ad . 
the film doesn't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal . 
no , i don't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money . 
even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor , sorority boys is a bowser . 
there isn't one moment in the film that surprises or delights . 
'wouldn't it be nice if all guys got a taste of what it's like on the other side of the bra ? '
the movie is essentially a series of fleetingly interesting actors' moments . 
every joke is repeated at least four times . every joke is repeated at least four times . every joke is repeated at least--annoying , isn't it ? 
its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious , and schneider's performance is so fine , it's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess . 
earnest and heartfelt but undernourished and plodding . 
a sugar-coated rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks . 
has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital . 
an acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 8-10 , but it's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald's , let alone some savvy street activism . 
[allen's] been making piffle for a long while , and hollywood ending may be his way of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now . 
mildly amusing . 
the movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it weren't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension . 
fairly run-of-the-mill . 
merchant hasn't directed this movie so much as produced it -- like sausage . 
more a gunfest than a rock concert . 
a muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations . it makes me say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here . 
mildly entertaining . 
a listless sci-fi comedy in which eddie murphy deploys two guises and elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect . 
little more than a super-sized infomercial for the cable-sports channel and its summer x games . 
degenerates into hogwash . 
a generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it isn't merely offensive . 
 . curiously , super troopers suffers because it doesn't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length . 
so bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy . 
i was sent a copyof this film to review on dvd . for free . i still want my money back . 
it's hard to believe that a relationship like holly and marina's could survive the hothouse emotions of teendom , and its longevity gets more inexplicable as the characterizations turn more crassly reductive . 
…passable enough for a shoot-out in the o . k . court house of life type of flick . strictly middle of the road . 
a very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel . 
 " feardotcom " has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel , but it simply becomes a routine shocker . 
a meatballs for the bare-midriff generation . 
well-meaning to a fault , antwone fisher manages the dubious feat of turning one man's triumph of will into everyman's romance comedy . 
a few energetic stunt sequences briefly enliven the film , but the wheezing terrorist subplot hasn't the stamina for the 100-minute running time , and the protagonists' bohemian boorishness mars the spirit of good clean fun . 
disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel . 
 coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock . 
how much you are moved by the emotional tumult of [françois and michèle's] relationship depends a lot on how interesting and likable you find them . 
they presume their audience won't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes . 
the most surprising thing about this film is that they are actually releasing it into theaters . 
ultimately , clarity matters , both in breaking codes and making movies . enigma lacks it . 
 . . . has its moments , but ultimately , its curmudgeon doesn't quite make the cut of being placed on any list of favorites . 
a distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely feature-length running time of one hour . 
most of the movie is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement . 
mckay shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative . 
plays like a series of vignettes -- clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line . 
new yorkers always seem to find the oddest places to dwell . . . 
a characteristically engorged and sloppy coming-of-age movie . 
whenever you think you've seen the end of the movie , we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end . but , no , we get another scene , and then another . you begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain . 
the milieu is wholly unconvincing . . . and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch . 
unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters . 
the laughs are as rare as snake foo yung . 
for a film that celebrates radical , nonconformist values , what to do in case of fire ? lazily and glumly settles into a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking . 
knockaround guys plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up . but they lack their idol's energy and passion for detail . 
mattei so completely loses himself to the film's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , love in the time of money . 
it briefly flirts with player masochism , but the point of real interest -– audience sadism -- is evaded completely . 
holland lets things peter out midway , but it's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals . 
an impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle . 
it's unfortunate that wallace , who wrote gibson's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue . 
i liked the movie , but i know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further . i'm left slightly disappointed that it didn't . 
for a movie about the power of poetry and passion , there is precious little of either . 
[jackson and bledel] seem to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd . 
lillard and cardellini earn their scooby snacks , but not anyone else . 
like schindler's list , the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way . 
friday after next is a lot more bluster than bite . 
its juxtaposition of overwrought existentialism and stomach-churning gore will have you forever on the verge of either cracking up or throwing up . 
a decidedly mixed bag . 
ice cube isn't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but friday after next spreads them pretty thin . 
not everything in the film works , including its somewhat convenient ending . 
the characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality . 
everything else about high crimes is , like the military system of justice it portrays , tiresomely regimented . 
sweet home alabama certainly won't be remembered as one of [witherspoon's] better films . 
hard as this may be to believe , here on earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film . 
this is just lazy writing . even kids deserve better . 
the pretensions -- and disposable story -- sink the movie . and diesel isn't the actor to save it . 
bravo reveals the true intent of her film by carefully selecting interview subjects who will construct a portrait of castro so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda . 
 . . . a preachy parable stylized with a touch of john woo bullet ballet . 
frank capra played this story straight . but the 2002 film doesn't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate 'comedy' scenes . 
how about starting with a more original story instead of just slapping extreme humor and gross-out gags on top of the same old crap ? 
handled correctly , wilde's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice . here , alas , it collapses like an overcooked soufflé . 
 " sorority boys " was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad . 
paul bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe , but the movie is certainly not number 1 . 
often likable , but just as often it's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy . 
elaborate special effects take centre screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side . 
showtime isn't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again . 
this tuxedo . . . should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations . 
been there , done that . . . a thousand times already , and better . 
sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness . 
fans of plympton's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers . 
barrels along at the start before becoming mired in sentimentality . 
none of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any 'comedy' to ever spill from a projector's lens . 
the kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics . 
'punch-drunk love is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you'd want to smash its face in . '
at once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and heavy-handed in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance . 
the trashy teen-sleaze equivalent of showgirls . 
a crass and insulting homage to great films like some like it hot and the john wayne classics . 
what's the most positive thing that can be said about the new rob schneider vehicle ? well , it's not as pathetic as the animal . 
with all the sympathy , empathy and pity fogging up the screen . . . his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles . 
the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up shum's good intentions . 
what 'blade runner' would've looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel . 
doesn't add up to much . 
has all the values of a straight-to-video movie , but because it has a bigger-name cast , it gets a full theatrical release . 
it never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time . 
mandel holland's direction is uninspired , and his scripting unsurprising , but the performances by phifer and black are ultimately winning . you'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie . 
a yawn-provoking little farm melodrama . 
did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or did they not have the nerve to speak up ? 
crummy
like its parade of predecessors , this halloween is a gory slash-fest . it can't escape its past , and it doesn't want to . 
a live-action cartoon , a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action put together with the preteen boy in mind . 
dodgy mixture of cutesy romance , dark satire and murder mystery . 
meticulously mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off kahlo's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant . 
while serving sara does have a long way to go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest austin powers extravaganza , there's nothing here to match that movie's intermittent moments of inspiration . 
as with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type , more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else . 
the irwins' scenes are fascinating ; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts . 
if routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea , then pay your $8 and get ready for the big shear . this is one baaaaaaaaad movie . 
a man leaving the screening said the film was better than saving private ryan . he may have meant the internet short saving ryan's privates . but windtalkers doesn't beat that one , either . 
may puzzle his most ardent fans . 
we never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity . 
those unfamiliar with mormon traditions may find the singles ward occasionally bewildering . 
the story , touching though it is , does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature , and even at 85 minutes it feels a bit long . 
while you have to admit it's semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out " when you're a jet , you're a jet all the way , " it's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to " tonight . " 
an opportunity missed . 
' . . . the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well . . . but quite frankly , scoob and shag don't eat enough during the film . '
more of the same old garbage hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now . 
tv skit-com material fervently deposited on the big screen . 
[johnnie to and wai ka fai are] sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film's interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers . 
if there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout , this is the one . 
feels slight , as if it were an extended short , albeit one made by the smartest kids in class . 
unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications . vulgar is too optimistic a title . 
if the last man were the last movie left on earth , there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows . 
welles groupie/scholar peter bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant william randolph hearst . 
even as i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , i could feel my eyelids . . . getting . . . very . . . heavy . . . 
wishy-washy . 
boasts eye-catching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome . 
screenwriter dan schneider and director shawn levy substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite . 
oversexed , at times overwrought comedy/drama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single . 
it all starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television . 
if you saw benigni's pinocchio at a public park , you'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police . 
the animation is competent , and some of the gags are quite funny , but jonah . . . never shakes the oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment . 
the pace of the film is very slow ( for obvious reasons ) and that too becomes off-putting . 
shafer's feature doesn't offer much in terms of plot or acting . 
in his role of observer of the scene , lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature . 
[t]he ideas of revolution #9 are more compelling than the execution
the film didn't convince me that calvin jr . 's barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago's south side . 
what happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ? 
despite some comic sparks , welcome to collinwood never catches fire . 
director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place . 
shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling . 
even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency . 
[a] stale retread of the '53 original . 
for dance completists only . 
spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune , short of profound characterizations
the locale . . . remains far more interesting than the story at hand . 
yo , it's the days of our lives meets electric boogaloo . 
inconsequential road-and-buddy pic . 
i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it's too long and it goes nowhere . 
this little film is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it can't really be called animation . 
makes 98 minutes feel like three hours . 
aspires to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script ends up more like the adventures of ford fairlane . 
real-life strongman ahola lacks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders . 
low comedy doesn't come much lower . 
this is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream . 
let's face it -- there aren't many reasons anyone would want to see crossroads if they're not big fans of teen pop kitten britney spears . 
a loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy . 
the movie is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory . 
the movie's vision of a white american zealously spreading a puritanical brand of christianity to south seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish . 
maid in manhattan proves that it's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies . 
a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special . 
ill-considered , unholy hokum . 
 . . . the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy . 
like most of jaglom's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but more of it seems contrived and secondhand . 
forgettable , if good-hearted , movie . 
 . . . about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season . 
the chateau . . . is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters . 
it's not too fast and not too slow . it's not too racy and it's not too offensive . it's not too much of anything . 
the great pity is that those responsible didn't cut their losses – and ours – and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home . 
about as original as a gangster sweating bullets while worrying about a contract on his life . 
we could have expected a little more human being , and a little less product . 
whether quitting will prove absorbing to american audiences is debatable . 
grant isn't cary and bullock isn't katherine . 
two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending . 
shyamalan should stop trying to please his mom . 
the entire movie is in need of a scented bath . 
enough is not a bad movie , just mediocre . the performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody . 
the film never finds its tone and several scenes run too long . 
the idea is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run . 
do we really need another film that praises female self-sacrifice ? 
tennessee williams by way of oprah's book club . 
so verbally flatfooted and so emotionally predictable or bland that it plays like the standard made-for-tv movie . 
the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense . 
this film is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own . 
watching junk like this induces a kind of abstract guilt , as if you were paying dues for good books unread , fine music never heard . 
starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it -- but filmmaker yvan attal quickly writes himself into a corner . 
some like it hot on the hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny . 
witless and utterly pointless . 
when 'science fiction' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience hasn't yet had much science , it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre . 
show me the mugging . 
represents something very close to the nadir of the thriller/horror genre . 
visually sumptuous but intellectually stultifying . 
as a feature-length film , it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character . 
a guilty pleasure at best , and not worth seeing unless you want to laugh at it . 
a sleep-inducing thriller with a single twist that everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away . 
lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago . 
statham employs an accent that i think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british . 
initial strangeness inexorably gives way to rote sentimentality and mystical tenderness becomes narrative expedience . 
de ayala is required to supply too much of the energy in a film that is , overall , far too staid for its subject matter . 
there's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits . 
when one hears harry shearer is going to make his debut as a film director , one would hope for the best
the leads we are given here are simply too bland to be interesting . 
essentially " fatal attraction " remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 . . . . this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along . . . 
even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture . 
the film's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence . 
a singularly off-putting romantic comedy . 
this is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship . 
it all comes down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow . i can't . 
in the spirit of the season , i assign one bright shining star to roberto benigni's pinocchio -- but i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it . 
check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you don't want to think too much about what's going on . the movie does has some entertainment value - how much depends on how well you like chris rock . 
a movie that seems motivated more by a desire to match mortarboards with dead poets society and good will hunting than by its own story . 
a culture clash comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is . 
as self-aware movies go , who is cletis tout ? is clever enough , though thin writing proves its undoing . 
 . . . a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes . after that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course . 
director jay russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning . 
there are many things that solid acting can do for a movie , but crafting something promising from a mediocre screenplay is not one of them . 
[tries] to parody a genre that's already a joke in the united states . the movie is the equivalent of french hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay . 
hollywood's answer to an air ball . 
and people make fun of me for liking showgirls</> . 
a weird little movie that's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l . a . 's show-biz and media subcultures . but it doesn't leave you with much . 
i'm convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking . 
like mike is a slight and uninventive movie : like the exalted michael jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal . 
always destined to be measured against anthony asquith's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation . 
there's some outrageously creative action in the transporter . . . [b]ut by the time frank parachutes down onto a moving truck , it's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman . 
one of those based-on-truth stories that persuades you , with every scene , that it could never really have happened this way . 
from its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast , bartleby squanders as much as it gives out . 
despite the holes in the story and the somewhat predictable plot , moments of the movie caused me to jump in my chair . . . 
once again , the intelligence of gay audiences has been grossly underestimated , and a meaty plot and well-developed characters have been sacrificed for skin and flash that barely fizzle . 
a lightweight , uneven action comedy that freely mingles french , japanese and hollywood cultures . 
[a] slummer . 
such a fine idea for a film , and such a stultifying , lifeless execution . 
[allen's] best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-america diversions could ever be . 
this overlong infomercial , due out on video before month's end , is tepid and tedious . 
an ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting . 
the film's needlessly opaque intro takes its doe-eyed crudup out of pre-9/11 new york and onto a cross-country road trip of the homeric kind . 
the film has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo . 
the last three narcissists left on earth compete for each others' affections . 
a clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film . . . 
[a] poorly executed comedy . 
what we have here isn't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down . 
the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few . 
a shoddy male hip hop fantasy filled with guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women and rocawear clothing . 
to the filmmakers , ivan is a prince of a fellow , but he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there's no indication that he's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit . 
scotland , pa is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept . 
a movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated cross between highlander and lolita . 
here the love scenes all end in someone screaming . maybe there's a metaphor here , but figuring it out wouldn't make trouble every day any better . 
fans of so-bad-they're-good cinema may find some fun in this jumbled mess . 
presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable . 
it goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots . 
it's absolutely amazing how first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan . make chan's action sequences boring . 
'in this poor remake of such a well loved classic , parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '
it's the movie equivalent of a sweaty old guy in a rain coat shopping for cheap porn . 
the movie does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating . 
director yu seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we haven't seen 10 , 000 times . 
viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who's who in this pretentious mess . 
a pint-sized 'goodfellas' designed to appeal to the younger set , it's not a very good movie in any objective sense , but it does mostly hold one's interest . 
get out your pooper-scoopers . 
while the material is slight , the movie is better than you might think . 
it's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and i think even fans of sandler's comic taste may find it uninteresting . 
more busy than exciting , more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining . 
there are more shots of children smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film . it's makes a better travelogue than movie . 
it's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , couldn't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped ‘em together here . 
the fourth in a series that i'll bet most parents had thought --hoped ! -- was a fad that had long since vanished . 
its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary . 
the holiday message of the 37-minute santa vs . the snowman leaves a lot to be desired . 
more precious than perspicacious
if you saw it on tv , you'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie . 
[t]he script isn't up to the level of the direction , nor are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi's now-cliched vampire accent . 
if this is cinema , i pledge allegiance to cagney and lacey . 
enigma looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise . yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma . 
most of the characters come off as pantomimesque sterotypes . 
most of the film feels conceived and shot on the fly -- like between lunch breaks for shearer's radio show and his simpson voice-overs . 
perry's good and his is an interesting character , but " serving sara " hasn't much more to serve than silly fluff . nor is it a romantic comedy . 
culkin turns his character into what is basically an anti-harry potter -- right down to the gryffindor scarf . 
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual . 
it's a documentary that says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good . 
an intriguing near-miss . 
like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior . . . circuit gets drawn into the party . 
it appears as if even the filmmakers didn't know what kind of movie they were making . 
snipes relies too much on a scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario for its own good . 
nicolas cage isn't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie won't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career . 
it lacks the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made [eyre's] first film something of a sleeper success . 
the result is good gossip , entertainingly delivered , yet with a distinctly musty odour , its expiry date long gone . 
a sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer . 
all analyze that proves is that there is really only one movie's worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise . 
there's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy . 
the story is predictable , the jokes are typical sandler fare , and the romance with ryder is puzzling . 
wallace directs with such patronising reverence , it turns the stomach . 
pretend like your sat scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws . 
earnest and tentative even when it aims to shock . 
haneke's script ( from elfriede jelinek's novel ) is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending . 
those 24-and-unders looking for their own caddyshack to adopt as a generational signpost may have to keep on looking . 
a distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness and the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze . 
what begins brightly gets bogged down over 140 minutes . 
ultimately , jane learns her place as a girl , softens up and loses some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with . 
ah-nuld's action hero days might be over . 
it's clear why deuces wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on mgm's shelf . 
feels like nothing quite so much as a middle-aged moviemaker's attempt to surround himself with beautiful , half-naked women . 
hilarious musical comedy though stymied by accents thick as mud . 
if you are into splatter movies , then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea . 
this slender plot feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time . 
a film that will probably please people already fascinated by behan but leave everyone else yawning with admiration . 
the densest distillation of roberts' movies ever made . 
a handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more suited to a quiet evening on pbs than a night out at an amc . 
tom green and an ivy league college should never appear together on a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like stealing harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 . 
master of disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours . 
a film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity . 
fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget . but the problem with wendigo , for all its effective moments , isn't really one of resources . 
spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , but it lacks a strong narrative . 
this is a children's film in the truest sense . it's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it's great for the kids . parents , on the other hand , will be ahead of the plot at all times , and there isn't enough clever innuendo to fil
the niftiest trick perpetrated by the importance of being earnest is the alchemical transmogrification of wilde into austen--and a hollywood-ized austen at that . 
ice age is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies , and that makes for some glacial pacing early on . 
too slick and manufactured to claim street credibility . 
what ensues are much blood-splattering , mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits . 
a dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so . the movie is without intent . 
visually exciting sci-fi film which suffers from a lackluster screenplay . 
while hollywood ending has its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line ) , the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity . 
if the full monty was a freshman fluke , lucky break is [cattaneo] sophomore slump . 
 sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip . 
the first mistake , i suspect , is casting shatner as a legendary professor and kunis as a brilliant college student--where's pauly shore as the rocket scientist ? 
the dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving . 
it has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references . 
attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama . he seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither . 
i could have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again . 
flat , misguided comedy . 
the only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants . . . who might be distracted by the movie's quick movements and sounds . 
unfortunately , neither sendak nor the directors are particularly engaging or articulate . 
a wishy-washy melodramatic movie that shows us plenty of sturm und drung , but explains its characters' decisions only unsatisfactorily . 
lurid and less than lucid work . 
a wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a mrs . robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women . 
at a brief 42 minutes , we need more x and less blab . 
this 90-minute dud could pass for mike tyson's e ! true hollywood story . 
once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand , even the funniest idea isn't funny . 
a porn film without the sex scenes . 
the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice . 
a depressingly retrograde , 'post-feminist' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women . 
return to never land is much more p . c . than the original version ( no more racist portraits of indians , for instance ) , but the excitement is missing . 
while it's all quite tasteful to look at , the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own . 
yes they can swim , the title is merely anne-sophie birot's off-handed way of saying girls find adolescence difficult to wade through . 
slow , silly and unintentionally hilarious . 
for something as splendid-looking as this particular film , the viewer expects something special but instead gets [sci-fi] rehash . 
in moonlight mile , no one gets shut out of the hug cycle . 
though uniformly well acted , especially by young ballesta and galan ( a first-time actor ) , writer/director achero manas's film is schematic and obvious . 
though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations , the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should . 
 " not really as bad as you might think ! " 
strident and inelegant in its 'message-movie' posturing . 
it has the right approach and the right opening premise , but it lacks the zest and it goes for a plot twist instead of trusting the material . 
seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director's experiment is a successful one . 
the plot is romantic comedy boilerplate from start to finish . 
i suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd . 
it just goes to show , an intelligent person isn't necessarily an admirable storyteller . 
in a 102-minute film , aaliyah gets at most 20 minutes of screen time . . . . most viewers will wish there had been more of the " queen " and less of the " damned . " 
kapur fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for ( or worth rooting against , for that matter ) . 
it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump just for sitting through it . 
none of this has the suavity or classical familiarity of bond , but much of it is good for a laugh . the problem with " xxx " is that its own action isn't very effective . 
a mediocre exercise in target demographics , unaware that it's the butt of its own joke . 
director kevin bray excels in breaking glass and marking off the " miami vice " checklist of power boats , latin music and dog tracks . he doesn't , however , deliver nearly enough of the show's trademark style and flash . 
the spalding gray equivalent of a teen gross-out comedy . 
according to wendigo , 'nature' loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves . 
an encouraging effort from mccrudden
the romance between the leads isn't as compelling or as believable as it should be . 
adroit but finally a trifle flat , mad love doesn't galvanize its outrage the way , say , jane campion might have done , but at least it possesses some . 
to blandly go where we went 8 movies ago . . . 
a slow-moving police-procedural thriller that takes its title all too literally . 
this u-boat doesn't have a captain . 
with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , [crane] becomes more specimen than character -- and auto focus remains a chilly , clinical lab report . 
this one aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit . 
dull , a road-trip movie that's surprisingly short of both adventure and song . 
i walked away not really know who " they " were , what " they " looked like . why " they " were here and what " they " wanted and quite honestly , i didn't care . 
predictably melodramatic . 
a relatively effective little potboiler until its absurd , contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible finale . 
the country bears wastes an exceptionally good idea . but the movie that doesn't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences
the movie obviously seeks to re-create the excitement of such '50s flicks as jules verne's '20 , 000 leagues under the sea' and the george pal version of h . g . wells' 'the time machine . ' but its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless . 
despite the opulent lushness of every scene , the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings . 
even after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other bullock and grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene . what should have been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test . 
the entire movie is filled with deja vu moments . 
'opening up' the play more has partly closed it down . 
the film is way too full of itself ; it's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way . 
the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing i can say is that i can't remember a single name responsible for it . 
watching " ending " is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor's garage sale . you can't believe anyone would really buy this stuff . 
certainly beautiful to look at , but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic . 
it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time . 
the skills of a calculus major at m . i . t . are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is cletis tout ? 
from the choppy editing to the annoying score to 'special effects' by way of replacing objects in a character's hands below the camera line , " besotted " is misbegotten
my advice is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack . 
a film that presents an interesting , even sexy premise then ruins itself with too many contrivances and goofy situations . 
the 70-year-old godard has become , to judge from in praise of love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large without doing all that much to correct them . 
solondz is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous . 
while hoffman's performance is great , the subject matter goes nowhere . 
theological matters aside , the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues . 
novak contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama . 
been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called the professional . 
the beautiful , unusual music is this film's chief draw , but its dreaminess may lull you to sleep . 
the action quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory . 
forages for audience sympathy like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining . 
burns' fifth beer-soaked film feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off . 
'es en verdad una pena que mandoki esté realizando cintas tan malas desde hace algún tiempo , pues talento tiene , pero quién sabe dónde lo tiene escondido . '
while this one gets off with a good natured warning , future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
another boorish movie from the i-heard-a-joke- at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting . 
it's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie . and it's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it . 
the ethos of the chelsea hotel may shape hawke's artistic aspirations , but he hasn't yet coordinated his own dv poetry with the beat he hears in his soul . 
why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ? 
the obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old hanna-barbera charm . 
exploring value choices is a worthwhile topic for a film -- but here the choices are as contrived and artificial as kerrigan's platinum-blonde hair . 
the movie's downfall is to substitute plot for personality . it doesn't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events . 
press the delete key . 
simone is not a bad film . it just doesn't have anything really interesting to say . 
once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional . 
 . . . hopefully it'll be at the dollar theatres by the time christmas rolls around . wait to see it then . 
lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck . 
this hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on hopkins' inclination to play hannibal lecter again , even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book . 
the film never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class . 
to call this film a lump of coal would only be to flatter it . 
entertainment more disposable than hanna-barbera's half-hour cartoons ever were . 
the film falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries . 
by the end of it all i sort of loved the people onscreen , even though i could not stand them . perhaps the film should be seen as a conversation starter . it's not an easy one to review . 
at best this is a film for the under-7 crowd . but it would be better to wait for the video . and a very rainy day . 
the whole talking-animal thing is grisly . 
has not so much been written as assembled , frankenstein-like , out of other , marginally better shoot-em-ups . 
mushes the college-friends genre ( the big chill ) together with the contrivances and overwrought emotion of soap operas . 
showtime's starry cast could be both an asset and a detriment . those who trek to the 'plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves . but ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr . de niro . 
too daft by half . . . but supremely good natured . 
fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation . . . well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care . 
woody , what happened ? 
juliette binoche's sand is vivacious , but it's hard to sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile . 
it's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah . 
you can tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood isn't going to jell . 
routine and rather silly . 
you can practically hear george orwell turning over . 
behan's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense -- but sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance . 
while holm is terrific as both men and hjejle quite appealing , the film fails to make the most out of the intriguing premise . 
if it were any more of a turkey , it would gobble in dolby digital stereo . if nothing else , " rollerball " 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j . 
more trifle than triumph . 
the movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction . 
lyne's latest , the erotic thriller unfaithful , further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded . 
it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that's more or less how it plays out . 
report card : doesn't live up to the exalted tagline - there's definite room for improvement . doesn't deserve a passing grade ( even on a curve ) . 
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated . 
 . . . if it had been only half-an-hour long or a tv special , the humor would have been fast and furious-- at ninety minutes , it drags . 
bean drops the ball too many times . . . hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay . 
a well-acted , but one-note film . 
[lee] treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects . and lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception . 
a era do gelo diverte , mas não convence . É um passatempo descompromissado – e só . 
nearly all the fundamentals you take for granted in most films are mishandled here . 
the armenian genocide deserves a more engaged and honest treatment . 
earnest yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner . 
we started to wonder if … some unpaid intern had just typed 'chris rock , ' 'anthony hopkins' and 'terrorists' into some univac-like script machine . 
even when crush departs from the 4w formula . . . it feels like a glossy rehash . 
this is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives . 
marinated in clichés and mawkish dialogue . 
[a] boldly stroked , luridly coloured , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain . 
not once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings ; to me , it was just a matter of 'eh . '
nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters . 
blue crush has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky " pretty woman " retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought . 
this movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 . 
a sloppy slapstick throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like the ghost and mr . chicken . 
where the film falters is in its tone . 
ultimately , sarah's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness . 
it's supposed to be a humorous , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength -- but it never quite adds up . 
some motion pictures portray ultimate passion ; others create ultimate thrills . men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- it's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic . 
an enigmatic film that's too clever for its own good , it's a conundrum not worth solving . 
rashomon-for-dipsticks tale . 
a film that clearly means to preach exclusively to the converted . 
definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the roman colosseum . 
certainly not a good movie , but it wasn't horrible either . 
the result is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel . 
nothing but an episode of smackdown ! in period costume and with a bigger budget . 
it takes you somewhere you're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it's surprisingly old-fashioned . 
does anyone much think the central story of brendan behan is that he was a bisexual sweetheart before he took to drink ? 
`martin lawrence live' is so self-pitying , i almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show . 
the dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so . 
never decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three . 
it has become apparent that the franchise's best years are long past . 
don't hate el crimen del padre amaro because it's anti-catholic . hate it because it's lousy . 
like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art they're struggling to create . 
competently directed but terminally cute drama . 
the big finish is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing . 
this thing is virtually unwatchable . 
those eternally devoted to the insanity of black will have an intermittently good time . feel free to go get popcorn whenever he's not onscreen . 
the self-serious equilibrium makes its point too well ; a movie , like life , isn't much fun without the highs and lows . 
the work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who can't get out of his own way . 
swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then . 
the only type of lives this glossy comedy-drama resembles are ones in formulaic mainstream movies . 
the characters . . . are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script . 
the trouble is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through . 
spy-vs . -spy action flick with antonio banderas and lucy liu never comes together . 
a so-so , made-for-tv something posing as a real movie . 
the only upside to all of this unpleasantness is , given its labor day weekend upload , feardotcom should log a minimal number of hits . 
an uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection . 
a formula family tearjerker told with a heavy irish brogue . . . accentuating , rather than muting , the plot's saccharine thrust . 
this is as lax and limp a comedy as i've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material . 
aptly named , this shimmering , beautifully costumed and filmed production doesn't work for me . 
a preposterously melodramatic paean to gang-member teens in brooklyn circa 1958 . 
has none of the crackle of " fatal attraction " , " 9 ½ weeks " , or even " indecent proposal " , and feels more like lyne's stolid remake of " lolita " . 
an extraordinarily silly thriller . 
a rehash of every gangster movie from the past decade . 
gaping plot holes sink this 'sub'-standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth . 
the beautiful images and solemn words cannot disguise the slack complacency of [godard's] vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice . 
the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny . 
the movie isn't painfully bad , something to be 'fully experienced' ; it's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten . 
charly comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions . 
what a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his english-language debut with a film so poorly plotted and scripted . 
no amount of good intentions is able to overcome the triviality of the story . 
 . . . for all its social and political potential , state property doesn't end up being very inspiring or insightful . 
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this isn't . 
this off-putting french romantic comedy is sure to test severely the indulgence of fans of amélie . 
overburdened with complicated plotting and banal dialogue
ensemble movies , like soap operas , depend on empathy . if there ain't none , you have a problem . 
koepp's screenplay isn't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own . 
is it really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets ? 
more successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
clumsy , obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades . 
a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy . 
the drama discloses almost nothing . 
a minor-league soccer remake of the longest yard . 
belongs in the too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video/dvd category , and this is why i have given it a one-star rating . 
as earnest as a community-college advertisement , american chai is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school . 
a dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the animal planet documentary series , crocodile hunter is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring . 
there is more than one joke about putting the toilet seat down . and that should tell you everything you need to know about all the queen's men . 
the world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese . but it doesn't need gangs of new york . 
harry potter and the chamber of secrets is deja vu all over again , and while that is a cliche , nothing could be more appropriate . it's likely that whatever you thought of the first production -- pro or con -- you'll likely think of this one . 
[lin chung's] voice is rather unexceptional , even irritating ( at least to this western ear ) , making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters . 
one of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i've ever seen . 
unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction , impostor is opening today at a theater near you . 
it should be doing a lot of things , but doesn't . 
 . . . a rather bland affair . 
far-fetched premise , convoluted plot , and thematic mumbo jumbo about destiny and redemptive love . 
the movie tries to be ethereal , but ends up seeming goofy . 
i was hoping that it would be sleazy and fun , but it was neither . 
harris is supposed to be the star of the story , but comes across as pretty dull and wooden . 
the filmmakers keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart . 
rather than real figures , elling and kjell bjarne become symbolic characters whose actions are supposed to relate something about the naïf's encounter with the world . 
mariah carey gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls . 
it's all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it's all about the silences and if you're into that , have at it . 
the lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma . we don't even like their characters . 
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that i ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck . 
the movie doesn't generate a lot of energy . it is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously . 
this feature is about as necessary as a hole in the head
the cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate . 
spectators will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning . 
a period story about a catholic boy who tries to help a jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell . 
proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness . 
did we really need a remake of " charade ? " 
the only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game . you try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored . 
i spied with my little eye . . . a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits
entertains not so much because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel . 
the satire is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying . 
bearable . barely . 
less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is . 
an " o bruin , where art thou ? " -style cross-country adventure . . . it has sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack . 
an awful movie that will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers . 
the very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary . 
an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing , but the supernatural trappings only obscure the message . 
essentially , the film is weak on detail and strong on personality
[hell is] looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara isn't even halfway through . 
 . . . a ho-hum affair , always watchable yet hardly memorable . 
diaz , applegate , blair and posey are suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused . 
it's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition . 
no matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus , accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way . 
'dragonfly' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue . 
in his determination to lighten the heavy subject matter , silberling also , to a certain extent , trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and pratfalls . 
staggeringly dreadful romance . 
movies like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation . how about surprising us by trying something new ? 
final verdict : you've seen it all before . 
you'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy . 
the movie is a little tired ; maybe the original inspiration has run its course . 
it's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled . 
debut effort by " project greenlight " winner is sappy and amateurish . 
one gets the impression the creators of don't ask don't tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes . too bad none of it is funny . 
the cast has a high time , but de broca has little enthusiasm for such antique pulp . 
the film , like jimmy's routines , could use a few good laughs . 
the film has too many spots where it's on slippery footing , but is acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one that's especially fit for the kiddies . 
purports to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging . oh , and more entertaining , too . 
well-made but mush-hearted . 
humor in i spy is so anemic . 
the film is strictly routine . 
a real snooze . 
skillful as he is , mr . shyamalan is undone by his pretensions . 
while the new film is much more eye-catching than its blood-drenched stephen norrington-directed predecessor , the new script by the returning david s . goyer is much sillier . 
it shares the first two films' loose-jointed structure , but laugh-out-loud bits are few and far between . 
the santa clause 2 is a barely adequate babysitter for older kids , but i've got to give it thumbs down . 
we get the comedy we settle for . 
the uneven movie does have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them . 
the campy results make mel brooks' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated . 
the hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork . 
cherish would've worked a lot better had it been a short film . 
manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney . . . take your pick . all three descriptions suit evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new . 
hey arnold ! is now stretched to barely feature length , with a little more attention paid to the animation . still , the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett's story is appealing . 
doesn't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago . 
the film didn't move me one way or the other , but it was an honest effort and if you want to see a flick about telemarketers this one will due . 
the rules of attraction gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing . 
in this film we at least see a study in contrasts ; the wide range of one actor , and the limited range of a comedian . 
the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : there's very little hustling on view . 
this director's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera . 
characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle . 
director tom shadyac and star kevin costner glumly mishandle the story's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself . 
like the tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on
as pedestrian as they come . 
a film that plays things so nice 'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen . 
an inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle . 
as saccharine as it is disposable . 
very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all . 
too much power , not enough puff . 
it's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by taylor's cartoonish performance and the film's ill-considered notion that hitler's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances . 
a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains . . . crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential . 
there are many definitions of 'time waster' but this movie must surely be one of them . 
the thing looks like a made-for-home-video quickie . 
enigma is well-made , but it's just too dry and too placid . 
